want to know who gets the most sleep and the best quality of sleep in america ?
gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
“ you also have to convince poor communities that poo can be productive – many are repelled by the idea of connecting their toilets to their kitchens. ” typical salary : an entry-level salary is around £10,000 , while a typical salary for a chief technical ofﬁcer is £30,000 .
those deemed guilty of causing “ extreme havoc ” will be evicted and placed in temporary homes of a “ basic ” nature , including converted shipping containers in industrial areas of the city .
from then on , king was firmly established as “ the chairman of the board of blues singers ” .
the two wavy lines above and below depict the two rivers which gave the district its name , the ruhr and the ennepe .
smoker neil timms owns an english pub and met the smoking ban before , in england .
it suggests the story that his naked corpse was brought back slung over a horse , mocked and abused all the way , is true .
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
“ i work in a busy london branch and , on an average night , i ’ ll serve 150 people and take home £40 to £50 in tips , ” he says .
legality aid in dying is legal in several jurisdictions , including belgium , the netherlands , switzerland and three american states .
2003 – 2005 in 2003 , he played a villainous role in the third installment of the spy kids trilogy spy kids 3-d : game over which was a huge box office success -lrb- almost $ 200 million worldwide -rrb- .
they discover a wardrobe in professor digory kirke 's house that leads to the magical land of narnia .
eraldo pecci -lrb- born 12 april 1955 -rrb- is an italian former footballer .
2 subterranean storage not all urban dwellers are hooked to the car .
in my case , being numerically challenged in a foreign tongue followed me from mexico to other countries and from spanish to german and portuguese .
sales increased by 32 % in america and by 101 % in the uk in 2013 .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
genotype and mendelian inheritance the distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly experienced when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases or conditions , for example , haemophilia .
europe , china and other regions should take note. ” that would mean producing much more shale gas , as conventional gas resources are running down in their easily accessible locations .
cash transactions are rounded to the nearest five cents .
modified suvs also take part in races , including the paris-dakar rally and the australian outback .
they come back in bright-eyed and rosy-cheeked , how children used to look .
the town is mostly constituted of mud houses and small canals that supply water .
some of the animals weighed as much as 700 kg -lrb- 1,500 lb -rrb- or possibly larger .
so you see my colleagues and i are heavily reliant on customer tips to top up our low wages .
bonuses are a method of payment that can be used with discretion .
a girl born today in the uk can expect to live nearly to the age of 82 on average , while her brother will live to 78 .
that bombing was not the worst damascus has experienced as the situation has deteriorated .
city after city has banned indoor smoking but that ’ s different because other cities don ’ t attract tourist dollars by aggressively advertising a “ let the good times roll ” attitude , as new orleans does .
the team relocated from houston to the state of tennessee in 1997 , first playing in memphis for one season before moving to nashville .
drumlines , which they use to catch the sharks , kill sharks if they ’ re one , two , three metres or more , and also dolphins , turtles and other things .
platform game , or platformer , is a video game genre characterized by jumping to and from suspended platforms or over obstacles .
“ i haven ’ t fainted once , ” said 29-year-old abdul karim , one of the few in the city who has carefully timed his ramadan fast to the arctic sun since moving from ottawa in 2011 .
“ there are more students in vienna than any other german-speaking city , ” said hartlauer .
functions may variously include sensing touch , air motion , heat , vibration -lrb- sound -rrb- , and especially olfaction -lrb- smell -rrb- or gustation -lrb- taste -rrb- .
in front of the tower is central park , where cockrell holds his popular walk and talk therapy sessions .
the name was announced as thrym in iau circular 8177 .
“ the technical brilliance is so dazzling that people can ’ t see the moral squalor of what they ’ re doing , ” he writes .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
work has started on designing a new tomb in leicester cathedral , only 100 yards from the excavation site , and a ceremony will be held to lay him into his new grave there , probably next year .
tzu chi was the first force from outside the people 's republic of china to join the rescue effort .
prostitution – the easiest way of financing drug addiction – has similarly skyrocketed .
the distance to pluto – 5bn km – means it takes new horizons hours to send back a single picture and it will take 16 months to send all the data it has accumulated during the fly-by .
it was discovered in 1907 by august kopff .
“ the population there is already very dense , with over 350 people per square kilometre .
estimates suggest that , while those in urban areas eat up to 61kg of teff a year , in rural areas , the figure is 20kg .
baumgartner was carried up into crystal clear skies by a gigantic balloon , which measured 30 million square cubic feet and whose skin was one-tenth the thickness of a sandwich bag .
eunomia has been observed occulting stars three times .
but today , they have become a fact of medical life .
mining the data captured about how , why and when millions of participants opt to sign up , interact with their material , submit their assignments , message each other and drop out of the course may be one way of getting a return on the investment .
but he said he was “ speechless ” when he found out johansson was suing him .
the quality of this league-winning squad , and the balance of ages within it , bodes well for continued success at the highest level whilst the structure of the youth set-up will ensure that the long-term future of the club remains a bright one .
the trickle-down effect means that between them they have created a further 3,780 millionaires among their children , family and friends , according to the authors of the study , oxford economics .
two-man crews from the bbc , sky and itn were sent once each to report on his visit , while a photographer and a reporter from the press association were embedded on all three visits .
we spend hundreds of millions of pounds with local suppliers on milk , cakes and sandwiches , and on store design and renovations .
sir simon denis rattle , cbe , frsa , -lrb- born 19 january 1955 -rrb- is an english conductor .
maria van der hoeven , executive director of the iea , said : “ coal ’ s share of the global energy mix continues to grow each year and , if no changes are made to current policies , coal will catch oil within a decade. ” coal is abundant and found in most regions of the world , unlike conventional oil and gas , and can be cheaply extracted .
“ this is an expensive island .
they selected community volunteers who were motivated to change children ’ s lives and formed groups with social workers , community leaders , mothers , young volunteers and the local government .
he was 20 years old at the time .
the waxing crescent moon " represents a young nation on the ascendant " .
cognition is the scientific term for " the process of thought " .
the regulation eight hours in the office is over .
but it ’ s very easy to forget about who i am when i am in the army .
“ it ate a red deer , ” says the university of warsaw biologist .
his increasing interest in funk and soul music came to the fore on the deliciously listenable young americans ( 1975 ) , which gave him a us chart-topper with fame ( featuring john lennon as a guest vocalist ) .
most members , he says , are from his collection of harvard and investor friends : venture capitalists , founders and employees of companies like apple , google and facebook , whose girlfriends have been getting presents from sullivan for the last year .
she is the younger sister of singer / songwriter britney spears .
i think it ’ s about communication and creating partnerships between the communities and the businesses. ” cantrell does acknowledge the city ’ s uniqueness in terms of a smoking ban .
“ the published literature lacks strong evidence that organic foods are significantly more nutritious than conventional foods , ” it found .
how does he feel watching football on tv when a referee gets vilified ?
recently , dong nguyen , the designer of the mobile game flappy bird , pulled it from app stores , saying its success – it had been downloaded more than 50 million times , and was making him around £30,000 in advertising revenue each day – had ruined his simple life .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
it is becoming increasingly difficult to develop new drugs active against resistant strains .
“ people refuse to accept that they are racist and they think they live in a multiracial democracy , but the statistics show that is far from the case .
but , as so much of a person ’ s life is shared online , facebook gives a platform for everyone to cultivate an image and a fanbase .
dr camilla toulmin , director of the international institute for environment and development , says : “ climate models are not yet robust enough to predict impacts at local and regional scales , but it is clear that everybody is vulnerable in some way. ” the charity oxfam predicted that world hunger would worsen as climate changes inevitably hurt crop production and disrupt incomes .
a spokesman for the accord said negotiations over payments and even legal action would not hold up its work to improve safety in factories .
“ there are documents that have been found without the bottle that are older and are in the museum , ” he said .
snoozing was losing and sleep was for wimps .
but many of the other injuries were after death , suggesting a gruesome ritual on the battlefield and as the king ’ s body was brought back to leicester , as he was stripped , mocked and mutilated .
we ’ ve posted the facts about our tax practices in the uk on our website .
one of the main themes , said murray , was “ incredibly rapid change in the leading causes of death and the pace of that change is a lot faster than we expected it to be ” .
“ are they saying they don ’ t want us here ? ”
while smartphone minutes have doubled in a year , to 69 a month , that growth is not guaranteed to compensate for dwindling desktop usage .
if this whole thing is giving you the heebie-jeebies as you recall the last time you were cheek by jowl with those who evidently already skimp on the showers – and have clearly not reached the scent-free stage yet – relax .
while it took 115 years for the older population of france to double from 7 % to 14 % between 1865 and 1980 , brazil is likely to make the same shift between 2011 and 2032 – in just 21 years .
he said he was 55 and , in his lifetime , he was already beginning to see that it was much harder to catch fish on the open ocean .
more than ever , the site is a gateway not just to your friends but to the rest of the internet .
people had been angry for a long time .
the rapid build-up of glacial lakes that threaten to burst and flood the sherpa homeland is a constant threat .
station to station ( 1976 ) introduced a new persona , the thin white duke , which bowie had carried over from his headlining performance as a melancholy space traveller in nicolas roeg ’ s film the man who fell to earth .
demonstrating an effect on behaviour will be critical if nasal spray treatment is to be of any value . ”
they spend 20 % of their time viewing short video clips , for example on youtube , or news clips distributed via facebook and other social sites .
according to the iea , demand from china and india will drive world coal use in the coming five years , with india likely to overtake the us as the world ’ s second biggest consumer .
“ nine hundred million people already go hungry and two billion people are malnourished in spite of the fact that per-capita food production continues to increase , ” they said .
the study appears in the latest issue of the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences in the united states .
driven by the insatiable global appetite for construction , the mine has become the world ’ s largest underground iron-ore extraction site , producing 90 % of all the iron in europe , enough to build more than six eiffel towers a day .
i had craniosacral therapy , osteopathy and massage , and am building up my own osteopathy practice now .
it has a composition similar to 1 ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered with the composition of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .
under the same conditions , a quarter of women pressed the shock button .
a number of companies already have nap pods and huffington predicts that nap rooms in offices are going to become “ as common as conference rooms “ in the next two years .
compared with other species , human childbirth is dangerous .
we assumed that antibiotic therapy was an advantage we could enjoy forever .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
in belo horizonte , police clashed with protesters who tried to break through a cordon around a football stadium hosting a confederations cup match between nigeria and tahiti .
“ that was the problem with harriet , ” said cardew .
“ one in the army , one socially in my own private time and then one with the family and stuff like that .
even though they seem insubstantial they carry a considerable weight of water – around 500 tonnes in a small cumulus cloud .
freetown is home to fourah bay college , the oldest university in west africa , founded in 1827 .
this extra material began emerging as far back as 1978 but was given a massive kick by the mushrooming of the internet in the 1990s .
it overlies the north pole , touching north america in the western hemisphere and scandinavia and asia in the eastern hemisphere .
but , these days , the golden arches of mcdonald ’ s are looking a little tarnished .
a very tall wall , taller than that ceiling. ” – might sound unrealistic but they have arguably destroyed the campaign hopes of jeb bush , who favours immigration reform .
nobody knows which came first : the economic crisis tearing greece apart or shisha , the drug now known as the “ cocaine of the poor ” .
for people aged between 24 and about 30 or 35 , it ’ s about an hour and a half .
“ it ’ s going to be epic. ” fildes , 49 , is at the forefront of the uk ’ s burgeoning astrotourism industry .
nearctic -lrb- 1954 1973 -rrb- was an canadian-bred hall of fame thoroughbred racehorse .
“ i filled out a few credit applications with my real details .
it was formerly one of the products of gasworks .
nasa estimates that the spacecraft will be able to keep recording and transmitting until the mid-2030s .
in the uk , for example , children aged ten to 17 and young people under the age of 21 record the highest reoffending rates : almost three quarters and two thirds , respectively .
in what mason called “ the first city-scale genetic profile ever ” , his team found meningitis at times square , a trace of anthrax on the handhold of a train carriage and bacteria that cause bubonic plague on a rubbish bin and ticket machine at stations in uptown manhattan .
a new ec tobacco directive comes into force in 2016 that will limit the amount of nicotine in e-cigarettes to below their current levels .
winners have contributed almost £750m to gross domestic product ( gdp ) , and generated more than £500m in tax receipts for the exchequer .
article 166 was meant to control the possession of arms , but it was used to target armenians by restricting them to possess arms .
only ice or very heavy rain stop them .
there are a lot of unhealthy and abandoned dogs out there. ” conron came up with the labradoodle when he was working for the royal guide dog association of australia to provide a dog for a blind woman whose husband was allergic to dog hair .
the term most commonly refers to higher plants , but epiphytic bacteria , fungi -lrb- epiphytic fungi -rrb- , algae , lichens , mosses , and ferns exist as well .
pick up a boot and a camera will make sure you don ’ t slip it into your bag .
ringelmann , who is based in the us , started her career as a wall street analyst .
it has been introduced in schools in london , gateshead , wales and other parts of scotland , while others are planning to launch the initiative during the 2015-6 academic year .
the final stage of a bill to adopt a system of presumed consent was passed by 43 votes to eight , with two abstentions , in spite of objections from religious groups on moral grounds and concerns that the scheme could add to the distress of grieving families .
royals flushed with oil wealth from nigeria and saudi arabia were among the first to come to this curving road near hampstead heath .
“ and not just pray for him to commit real political suicide. ” yet , there is more to trump than attention-grabbing outrage .
south india is the area encompassing india 's states of andhra pradesh , karnataka , kerala and tamil nadu as well as the union territories of lakshadweep and pondicherry , occupying 19.31 % of area .
her lawyer , vincent toledano , told le figaro that delacourt ’ s novel constituted a “ violation and fraudulent and illegal exploitation of her name , her reputation and her image. ” he said the novel contains “ defamatory claims about her private life ” and has now gone to court to try to stop the book being translated or adapted for cinema .
and , if you ’ re stuck in a job you don ’ t like , it could be enough to have you reaching for your cv .
“ it ’ s a good thing to keep your brain active. ” the 29-year-old electrical engineer is one of dozens , perhaps hundreds , of refugees living in the “ jungle ” camp outside calais who have applied for asylum in france and are eager to learn the language of what they hope will be their new home .
with the modern era expansion in the 1967 – 68 season and the creation of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .
the president said : “ michelle and i are so pleased to congratulate the duke and duchess of cambridge on the joyous occasion of the birth of their first child .
secondly , and directly related to the first , they will have to say goodbye to all their family and friends , as the deal doesn ’ t include a return ticket .
its logo , created by advertising executive rob janoff in 1977 , was designed with a bite taken out of it to avoid confusion with a cherry .
however , vinyl continued to make a comeback in some markets .
“ on average , well-being scores are lowest when animals are around 30 years old. ” the team explains that the temporary fall in ape well-being may result from watching depressed apes dying younger , or through age-related changes in the brain that are mirrored in humans .
kevin michael costner -lrb- born january 18 , 1955 -rrb- is an american actor , musician , producer , and director .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
they want to hear the natural quiet , the birdsong , and the wind and water , ” taff said .
that is how it was. ” at school smart failed his gcses , then retook them at college and passed the lot .
streets were designated " east " or " west " if they crossed james street or highway 6 .
members of the team had been working on the project even before joining google , for more than a decade .
chocolate was available to maya of all social classes , although the wealthy drank chocolate from elaborately decorated vessels .
i met so many people in there who needed help – after i received help from kris , i knew i wanted to help others .
tehsils & unions in the district of mardan - government of pakistan it is located at 34 ° 26 ' 0n 72 ° 3 ' 0e and has an altitude of 406 metres -lrb- 1335 feet -rrb- .
“ there is a tendency among some local authorities and organizations to treat e-cigarettes as cigarettes and ban them in public places and outdoors , ” he said .
oliver rolf kahn -lrb- born 15 june 1969 in karlsruhe -rrb- is a former german football goalkeeper .
mortgages are cheaper than ever before thanks to record low interest rates but the best deals are still reserved for borrowers with large deposits .
cameron 's wife noble also starred in the film series , playing hattie durham .
drammen is also the main harbor for car and fruit import in norway .
“ forcing people outside the bar to smoke is going to exacerbate the tension that ’ s already there. ” many of new orleans ’ s best bars and some of its live music spots are in relatively quiet residential neighbourhoods .
e-bike technology , particularly the batteries , is improving .
hughes ' story " blessed assurance " deals with a father 's anger over his son 's effeminacy and queerness .
most australian external territories also observe different time zones .
perhaps this is a case where curiosity killed the cat . ”
led by miguel nicolelis , a pioneer of devices that allow paralyzed people to control computers and robotic arms with their thoughts , the researchers say their latest work may enable multiple brains to be hooked up to share information .
the polygraph is widely used in the us in criminal and other cases and for security clearance for the fbi and cia but is much less popular in europe .
so he tried crowdfunding on a us website , indiegogo , which had recently opened up in the uk .
there is plenty of speculation about apple looking to get exclusive rights to the new adele album .
source mage gnu / linux a source code-based distribution , descended from sorcerer .
owen mccormack , hoxton analytics ceo , says that the focus of the system came about in part as a reaction to facial recognition .
some restaurants will take 4 % of all sales to pay the chefs and as an admin fee .
after six weeks of testing , the group following tabata ’ s plan – exercising for just 88 minutes a week – had increased their anaerobic capacity by 28 % and their vo 2 max , a key indicator of cardiovascular health and maximal aerobic power , by 15 % .
a bit more blade runner .
“ the normal time limit for bringing a civil action is three to six years , ” a spokesman said .
the scientist leading the research said that , unless emissions of greenhouse gases were cut , the planet would heat up by a minimum of 4c by 2100 , twice the level the world ’ s governments deem dangerous .
and those waiting outside were the lucky ones .
jacques rené chirac -lrb- born 29 november 1932 -rrb- served as the president of france from 17 may 1995 until 16 may 2007 .
my heart is pounding .
the centre for child law will now interview the mothers and fathers , as well as any other person with a “ signiﬁcant relationship ” with either of the girls .
we are going to spend the year re-emphasizing the importance of shakespeare , the man of stratford. ” the seveneenth-century diarist , antiquarian and gossip john aubrey , born 11 years after shakespeare died , was at pains to point out there was nothing so very special about the bard .
more than 7,000 campaigns for finance are live on the site .
just 2 % of children ’ s time is spent emailing , compared to 33 % for adults .
the next step , he added , was to create a more comprehensive and precise semantic brain atlas .
unite recently targeted ten pizzaexpress restaurants in south london , distributing leaflets to customers who were “ shocked and disgusted ” by the practice .
brazilians think the average age in their country is 56 , when it is only 31 .
that ’ s comparable to the number of electric cars sold in the us – 118,000 in 2014 .
he arrived – in his own words , in 2005 – as “ a simple , humble worker in god ’ s vineyard ” .
“ the most sustainable places to live are those places that have multi-modal transport systems , ” puentes said .
“ when there is not enough money , you reduce your consumption and therefore the whole economy declines. ” the crisis has been particularly hard on people under 40 , who often do two or three jobs to make ends meet and still feel they can ’ t afford a family .
“ if there ’ s a story and something ’ s been written about me , i want to know what ’ s being said .
anderson acknowledges that agencies such as the cia could teach agents how to counter the full-body motion method by freezing their bodies but he said that in itself would be a giveaway .
a steady stream of lightly injured people , most suffering cuts from flying glass , came into the clinic where bets works .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
“ it ’ s stupefying , especially as i ’ m not sure she ’ s even read the novel , since it hasn ’ t been translated yet. ” emmanuelle allibert , spokeswoman for publisher jc lattès , said taking legal action was “ crazy ” .
carlsberg ’ s eve and copenhagen offerings , foster ’ s radler and coors ’ s animée were among lighter , flavoured and even “ bloat-resistant ” beers that failed to find a market .
most requests for adminship run for seven days after being transcluded onto the main rfa page .
it is the eighth largest island in greece so is in line for the first round of tax increases in autumn 2015 but far less wealthy than many smaller ones .
the staff has since expanded to more than thirty people and two continents with an office in lahore , pakistan .
reservoir dogs stars an ensemble cast with harvey keitel , steve buscemi , tim roth , michael madsen , quentin tarantino , chris penn and lawrence tierney .
graduates start on £25,000 but salaries increase rapidly with qualifications and experience .
in 2015 , there were 588,000 british visitors to vienna , up 18 % on the year before .
“ our clients want to measure how well their stores are delivering on that experience. ” “ we assign different store locations to each shopper and rotate them so that they never go back to the same shop within three months , ” says jill spencer of mystery shopping company aba .
biodiversity loss has now reached “ critical levels ” .
the animal science students have spent the day observing droppings and paw prints in the spruce-clad beskidy mountains of the polish carpathians .
it was a deliberate pursuit of simplicity and economy for the disney studio , and is now generally regarded as a classic of animation .
in the most senior roles , female directors received bonuses of £36,270 over the past 12 months , compared with £63,700 awarded to male directors .
burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian flora and covers 1.60 km ² .
lanterns may be used for signaling , or as general light sources for camping .
these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
but , he has nonetheless refused to retract any of the comments .
benjamin carle is 96.9 % made in france , right down to his underpants and socks .
the project is not without its sceptics , however , and concerns have been raised about how astronauts might get to the planet and establish a colony with all the life support and other requirements needed .
other opponents question whether there is much overarching political ideology to trump .
according to tonagawa , both false and genuinememories seem to rely on the same brain mechanisms .
the hillsborough independent panel had inspected 450,000 documents generated by the police , sheffield wednesday and all other bodies responsible , and delivered its remarkable 395- page report indicting official failings and vindicating the victims and football supporters .
“ we know our country needs to change in the way it is governed and we know our country needs to change in who it is governed for .
montero gave her first public performance at the age of five .
an oratorio is a large musical composition including an orchestra , a choir , and soloists .
her mother wanted her to leave school and marry , but she rebelled .
by the early 1880s the population was in decline .
will skyfall remain a high water mark for the bond movie or can spectre extend this winning run ?
he admits he doesn ’ t know much about france but says that the classes are slowly helping him understand the country as well as the language .
i hope that , one day , this can become normal. ” morace was an outstanding player in the women ’ s game .
the clinic was very modern and remained in the control of the binswanger family for nearly 120 years .
“ our customers are still very happy with the product , and technology and innovation in hardware is improving user experience and helping them to switch from traditional cigarettes. ” “ e-cigarettes are behaving like a souped-up nicotine patch , ” west agreed .
“ he ’ s not afraid of anybody or anything .
the valleys of the waimea river and its tributary , the makaweli river , were once heavily populated .
hilari bell -lrb- born in 1958 -rrb- is an american fantasy author .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .
zeina , a twenty-something student , fears becoming desensitized to suffering – and perhaps to danger too .
“ whatsapp has removed the reason why young people would use a blackberry. ” bbm claims 80 million monthly users after its upgrade , but whatsapp has 300 million .
that ’ s a “ larger percentage increase than that of any other commuting mode , ” the report notes .
scattered trees grow in some tundra .
his son , andrew , had his sunglasses stolen almost as soon as he sat on the beach .
this book by itself is out of print having been published along with nine short stories in the collection the worthing saga -lrb- 1990 -rrb- .
according to europol , the purple €500 note accounts for 30 % of the value of all the euro notes in circulation , although most people have never seen one .
inductors are also employed in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to depress voltages from lightning strikes and to limit switching currents and fault current .
they added : “ monsoon onset dates are likely to become earlier or not to change much while monsoon withdrawal rates are very likely to delay , resulting in a lengthening of the season. ” scientists in developing countries and commentators have welcomed the report , which they said backed their own observations .
but having won , he returned to famous lines from earlier speeches , reprising once again his 2008 slogan about “ hope ” .
“ the number of people who would enjoy coming out to our bar , with our food , but would never come because they didn ’ t want to smell like smoke for the next seven days – we ’ re now an option for all those people. ” nor does douville worry about noise complaints like walker does : “ no court is gon na label a bar a 'nuisance ' after the city has ratified a smoking ban that requires you to go outside ! ” he says .
one disgruntled pizzaexpress employee , who wants to remain anonymous , said that the admin fee was costing her £3 a night .
but , the new research underlines the threat posed to smaller whales , dolphins and porpoises .
in the manga , blaine is a former team rocket scientist who had combined the dna of mew with his own dna , creating mewtwo .
on a larger scale , mitotic cell division can create progeny from multicellular organisms , such as plants that grow from cuttings .
the group chief executive , howard schultz , has said in a statement : “ starbucks has always paid taxes in the uk despite recent suggestions to the contrary .
my character is not scarlett johansson. ” the author recently hit out against the actor on french radio , saying the legal action was “ rather sad ” .
conservationists say there is no evidence the cull will reduce the number of shark attacks on humans , because no other cull has only used drumlines .
the following two years , the raiders again won western division titles , only to lose the afl championship to the eventual super bowl winners — the new york jets -lrb- 1968 -rrb- and kansas city chiefs -lrb- 1969 -rrb- .
“ i am not against anyone , ” she said in the un chamber , having taken this day out from the classroom .
unsurprisingly , the military is at the forefront of this research .
some of the results were expected , mason said , including some bacteria associated with fecal matter , which he said “ should be a gentle reminder for people to wash their hands ” .
white ’ s plan incorporates a much higher-density arrangement of multi-storey apartment blocks around shared courtyards , lining straight boulevards , down which the icy winds will surge .
but untrammelled power , with the defeat or retirement of allies who had kept her in check , led to mistakes and growing unpopularity .
mike sharples , chair of educational technology , doesn ’ t buy into that cynicism .
gao is on bail ; the case has not yet come to trial .
his profile gained another boost from his appearance at the 1985 live aid famine relief concert at wembley stadium , where he was one of the standout performers .
what are you doing ?
in 2015 , the kiosks – modelled on those found in africa – will double as dj booths at night .
many residents , especially in the barrios , just don ’ t pay .
“ fellow south africans , nelson mandela brought us together and it is together that we will bid him farewell. ” zuma announced that mandela would receive a state funeral and ordered that flags fly at half-mast .
the findings have prompted further studies .
but , these days , her flock is diminishing fast – during the teabreak , the ladies discuss a funeral that most of them had attended that week for one of the younger members of the group who had just died , aged 68 , from motor neurone disease .
not daan roosegaarde .
in an article for index on censorship , pullman , who is president of the society of authors , makes a robust defence of copyright laws .
“ decades ago , countries had their own kinds of communication systems .
war and political unrest are behind all the worst-ranked cities in the world .
visitbritain ’ s director , patricia yates , said : “ the links between tourism , films and tv are potent ones. ” she added that period dramas have also raised the popularity of regions outside of london .
after up to six months in these houses , scattered around the city , the tenants will be found permanent homes .
he took the medical emergency as a warning and reduced the pace of his activities .
for a period , platforms at both the old and new stations operated , before the original station finally closed and was demolished .
maintaining income was a priority , with £2.125bn spent on investments .
a televised attempt by the hotel group ’ s president , hiroshi desaki , to limit the damage by announcing a 20 % pay cut for himself and 10 % for other executives , failed to mollify angry consumers .
when she jumped out of bed she could see a huge vapour trail hanging in the morning sky and hear the wail of car alarms from the street below .
it is the central datum point for measuring distances from london .
to study today ’ s culture , future scholars would be faced with pdfs , word documents and hundreds of other file types that can only be interpreted with dedicated software and sometimes hardware , too .
although they were officially designated to study just jupiter and saturn , the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system .
she met alexis miesen and jennie dundas , co-founders of blue marble ice cream in brooklyn , new york , and formed a partnership to open the shop in 2010 .
“ this needs to stop , which can only happen if we debunk these 'tests'. ” another consultant paediatric allergist , adam fox from guys and st thomas ’ hospital in london , said : “ i get a number of patients , and my colleagues likewise , who will come in having sent their hair off for analysis or having excluded a whole range of foods for their children .
wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman hurriedly in order to respond directly to ongoing events ; she intended to write a more thoughtful second volume , but she died before completing it .
one potential use would be a language decoder that could allow people silenced by motor neurone disease or locked-in syndrome to speak through a computer .
we are going to insist on that .
i had just arrived in the mexican capital after a greyhound bus journey all the way from new york and the job interview was a test of my language skills .
the show followed the lives of a group of teenagers living in the upscale , star-studded community of beverly hills , california and attending the fictitious west beverly high school and , subsequently , the fictitious california university after graduation .
but at some point we ’ re going to have to address these other priorities .
the west african senior school certificate examination -lrb- wassce -rrb- is a type of standardized test in west africa .
not just physically , but mentally .
when bonham carter was just five , her mother had a serious nervous breakdown , from which it took her three years to recover .
when cells that contain channelrhodopsin are exposed to blue light , they become activated .
what are we waiting for ? ” dr ruth sealy , a senior research fellow at cranfield school of management , added : “ it is not surprising .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
“ operators want to see vehicle status information ; they want to see video on their handheld device or their laptop. ” “ technologically , most of the things that are needed for this are in place , ” said huber .
some were quick to take advantage of the confusion .
i may not have persuaded him to put away his gun – but my reputation as a rookie reporter still rose overnight .
showering destroys these happy bacterial colonies ; they ’ re completely wiped out by all of our frequent rubbing and scrubbing .
“ this is , above all , an idea born of common sense and experience , ” he told the guardian .
i just can ’ t stop , ” she says , phoning me a few days after the interview to read out a ditty she has written about the joys of exercise .
in research published in the journal cell systems , the team strongly downplayed the findings of plague and anthrax , noting the extremely small trace of the latter , that rats likely carried the former and that no one has fallen ill with plague in or around new york for years .
! ” why are numbers in another language such a conundrum ?
beginning in the 1950s , hunting wolves had been encouraged by the authorities .
the driver later claimed that the train dispatcher had signalled him with a green light using his hand lamp .
“ it ’ s nothing to do with feminism ; it ’ s about equality – we wanted to show we can do it. ” female is up against decades of prejudice in the beer world .
clay cockrell is sitting in his office at columbus circle , across the street from 1 central park west , which houses trump international hotel and tower .
“ the owners and bartenders need to tell them to go have a smoke but be respectful to their communities .
food shortages in 2008 led to civil unrest in 28 countries .
in 326 bce , most of the dozen-odd political units of the former gandhara / kamboja mahajanapadas were conquered by the macedonian conqueror .
its use spanned the golden age of latin literature — broadly the 1st century bc and the early 1st century ad — possibly extending to the silver age — broadly the 1st and 2nd centuries .
“ from a scientific perspective , this study has a lot of evidence from animal and human work to justify serious attention , but more research is needed .
the earth is constantly bombarded by cosmic rays , natural radiation from space that has more impact at altitude .
one title -lrb- " flying " -rrb- is a 1967 composition credited to all four members of the beatles -lrb- lennon-mccartney-harrison-starr -rrb- .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something -lrb- usually involving his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time .
while there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of arthur stuart , the son of a slave and a slave-owner who has been adopted by the owners of the local guesthouse .
but , if the unesco world heritage site that straddles the equator is exploited for oil , as the congolese government and exploration firm soco international are hoping , it could lead to devastating pollution and permanent conflict in an already unstable region , says the conservation body .
“ over the course of two and a half days , i think we met about two dozen people .
there are beautiful pictures of european woolly rhinos in caves in france that were painted up to 30,000 years ago .
“ but we don ’ t make them specify how many children they ’ d like .
the british medical association has long campaigned for an opt-out system because of its concern over the growing number of people needing transplants – a result of medical progress in transplantation .
he received the punishment of being forced to shoot an apple off the head of his son , walter , or else both would be executed .
dozens of other protests have also been registered over proposed top-level domains that take geographical , cultural or contested brand names .
a major international row with wide-ranging implications for global drugs policy has erupted over the right of bolivia ’ s indigenous indian tribes to chew coca leaves , the principal ingredient in cocaine .
“ this program was recently reauthorized by congress after extensive hearings and debate .
throughout the 1950s , king was the leading blues artist on the circuit of black-patronized theatres and clubs on an interminable series of one-nighters .
while crowdfunding as an alternative to banks has grown , it has limited appeal to big-bucks investors , who don ’ t settle for anything less than a stake in a promising business .
known as lady dinah ’ s cat emporium , it is yet to open but is billed as somewhere people can “ come in from the cold to a comfortable wingback chair , a hot cup of tea , a book and a cat ” .
in our hospitals and our gp surgeries we have abused the drugs that gave us such a huge advantage over infectious disease , using them too often and too indiscriminately .
spurgeon was emotionally devastated by the event and it had a sobering influence on his life .
whether it ’ s safe or not , i don ’ t know .
he said of the car : “ you ’ re just sitting there ; no steering wheel , no pedals .
“ we ’ re not producing a new generation of this kind of act .
manby , who joined the company as ceo in 2015 to help the company rehabilitate itself , said he would set out his vision for the future of the company at a special event on 6 november .
to get actors like fiennes in , they have to be happy with the director. ” among other achievements , skyfall virtually doubled the box office of its predecessor , quantum of solace , which managed a worldwide figure of $ 586m on its release in 2008 .
ultimately , though , fildes believes people are starting to appreciate what lies above .
about 2,000 troops have been allocated to zipingpu , trying to release the pressure through spillway .
peter soderlund served almost three years of a four-year sentence for drug and weapons offences before he was released in 1998 .
and some of the worst abuses have occurred outside of healthcare , with antibiotics introduced into the food chain , through agriculture and the lacing of livestock feed with anti-bacterial drugs .
proteus is very cratered , showing no sign of any geological modification .
it was cool , ” he said .
in the uk , mcdonald ’ s has turned around its business , making britain a rare bright spot for the company .
the komodo dragon 's diet is wide-ranging , and includes invertebrates , other reptiles -lrb- including smaller komodo dragons -rrb- , birds , bird eggs , small mammals , monkeys , wild boar , goats , deer , horses , and water buffalo .
high on the mountain opposite , 450 metres above the town , three large , solar-powered , computer-controlled mirrors steadily track the movement of the sun across the sky , reflecting its rays down on to the square and bathing it in bright sunlight .
this year , we have recorded five cubs , two yearlings and two adults .
chinese inequality levels are now similar to those in south africa , which is now the most unequal country on earth and significantly more unequal than at the end of apartheid. ” in the us , the share of national income going to the top 1 % has doubled since 1980 from 10 to 20 % , the report says .
reid , so often at odds with boehner , also sounded conciliatory , saying : “ i look at the challenges that we have ahead of us and i reach out to my republican colleagues in the senate and the house .
grosse ile township is a civil township of wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan .
i was thinking : 'no , you ’ re not . '
perhaps most importantly , as more cities build cycling infrastructure , including dedicated bike lanes , bicycle commuting has become more popular .
richard peirce , of the uk-based conservation charity , the shark trust , said that the cull would not work and could bring more predators towards the coast .
the race culminates with 750m on the smooth concrete of the large outdoor velodrome in roubaix .
dave prentis , of the trade union unison , said : “ the vast majority of workers are only on these contracts because they have no choice .
most protesters were young and , for many , it was their first experience of such a giant rally .
the decline of coal consumption in the us has helped to cut prices for coal globally .
as a first step , world leaders should formally commit themselves to reducing inequality to the levels seen in 1990. ” she said closing tax havens , which the tax justice network says hold as much as $ 31 trillion , or as much as a third of all global wealth , could yield $ 189bn in additional tax revenues .
“ these days , it ’ s rolex watches and louis vuitton bags , ” says gupta .
the term is applied both to routine weather variations and to extraordinary spells of heat which may occur only once a century .
a lot of therapists do not give enough weight to their issues. ” so , what issues are america ’ s 1 % struggling with ?
according to oxfam , the richest 1 % have seen their share of global wealth increase from 44 % in 2009 to 48 % in 2014 and are on track to own more than the other 99 % by 2016 .
the early spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for the inevitable blows to the head they would receive in battle .
abdullah insists tourists are safe in the state , “ as long as you take the sort of precautions that one normally would ” .
“ i don ’ t think it ’ s much to do with the shape the players are in .
“ the crisis has given dealers the possibility to promote a new , cheap drug , a cocaine for the poor , ” said poulopoulos at a centre run for addicts in exarcheia , the anarchist stronghold in athens .
however , he has also donated over $ 33,000 to republicans over the years and publicly endorsed john mccain for president in 2008 .
a confident probation service – a government agency – is tasked not only with supervising those on probation but is also guaranteed to provide treatment programmes for offenders with drug , alcohol or violence issues .
bowie was born david robert jones in south london .
having taken the pictures while holding his breath underwater , he blamed the limited time he had to set up the shots .
they run 20 hours a day , 364 days a year , with 95 % of them operational at any one time , and can cope with 13,000 passengers per hour .
nonetheless , almost everywhere in the world , with the exception of countries such as lesotho , which have been hit by hiv and violence , lifespans are lengthening and the best news is that small children are substantially less likely to die than they were four decades ago .
memory locations can also be renamed , although it is not commonly done to the extent practised in register renaming .
they keep herbivores in check , thus allowing trees to grow tall for birds to nest in. ” shoot the deer ?
“ while this research is path-breaking in its scope , there is still a lot to learn about how semantics is represented in the brain . ”
seventh son -lrb- 1987 -rrb- is an alternate history / fantasy novel by orson scott card .
the package is sent to the boyfriend unbranded and unlabelled .
around 100 crew members were involved in the various stages of the voyage and they aimed to travel using only traditional navigation techniques .
campaigners say that the car industry has tried to delay reforms to car test cycles but industry groups deny this , arguing that a five-year lead-time is necessary for technical and economic reasons .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
and her feelings are entirely mutual in that regard. ” it took work to establish that brother-sister , good-friend , no-future-for-us-romantically relationship , however .
galloway forest park in scotland also has dark sky park status .
the percentages of children diagnosed with allergic rhinitis and eczema have both trebled in the last 30 years .
the story began as a sequel to tolkien 's earlier , less complex children 's fantasy novel the hobbit -lrb- 1937 -rrb- , but eventually developed into a much larger work .
“ as you raise background sound levels , it has the same effect on your hearing that fog would have on your vision .
“ family refusal is a major factor that affects the numbers of organ donations and the main reason for refusal is lack of knowledge of their loved one ’ s wishes .
“ i ’ m not saying it ’ s a peace-and-love story – coexistence often means conflict – but it ’ s important to manage that conflict , keep it at a low level and resolve the problems it causes .
he also gave concerts to prisoners at the cook county jail in chicago and at san quentin , experiences that led to his long involvement in rehabilitation programmes .
greenland first entertained the idea of a flag of its own in 1973 when five greenlanders proposed a green , white and blue flag .
“ the modern technology isn ’ t just dumbing us down completely. ” mckinlay remains convinced that navigation technologies have a long way to go before futuristic scenarios involving driverless cars and smart cities become a reality .
everything in moderation is my motto. ” earlier in 2013 , allen was watching the news and saw a woman being given the british empire medal .
the globo newspaper listed a number of shortcomings in the 12 host cities .
traces of the amphitheatre can still be seen in the piazza dell ' anfiteatro .
it suggests there are boundaries that do not exist on the internet .
other vegetables such as cucumbers , courgettes , aubergines and mushrooms have gained space on the table .
in addition , there was substance abuse .
at which point , we may need a whole new sort of sleep revolution .
it is found mainly in papua new guinea at elevations between 2000 and 3000 meters .
roche , an astrophysicist at trinity college dublin who was announced in february as among the 100 people in line for the mission , has written for the guardian expressing his grave doubts about the viability of mars one .
such is the lot of the modern-day chemist : you wait ages for a new element to turn up and then four come along at once .
despite an “ excruciating ” trapped nerve in one leg and a knee in need of replacement , she looks as though she could go on for hours .
that means some of the 43 district municipalities lack the resources for basic services such as rubbish collection .
with these activities , along with my many other interests , i am looking forward to the future .
one of them responds to numbers and measurements , another to buildings and places .
several international organizations have faced criticism over their uk accounts , with amazon , ebay , facebook , google and ikea all paying little or no corporation tax despite large british operations .
“ one day , i ’ m cleaning up after a dead body ; another day , i ’ m in a prison cell or 100 feet in the air being lowered down into a silo to clean it. ” he also takes pride in the transformation he brings about : “ it ’ s satisfying to return a potentially hazardous site back to a safe environment .
the novel received the 1961 pulitzer prize for fiction .
the northern french half comprises the collectivité de saint-martin -lrb- collectivity of st. martin -rrb- and is an overseas collectivity of france .
this effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro dimensions .
it was the toughest year ever but , now , it ’ s all behind me .
they are most often cyclonic , that is , associated with a localized low-pressure region within a severe thunderstorm .
“ subsistence farming allowed us to survive , but we had so many problems , ” said king .
since the first mrsa deaths in otherwise healthy children in the us in 1998 , the number of deaths from mrsa infection in the us each year has risen to tens of thousands – outstripping the number of deaths caused by aids .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
she finally found him in a hospital bed in reggio emilia , ill with a fever and subsisting on a daily bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust .
not particularly sporty at school , she started playing the piano for a keep-fit class during the second world war – “ just for something to do during the blackouts , really ” – and eventually took over in her 40s when the previous instructor retired .
this is not appropriate .
the mars one website states that a return “ can not be anticipated nor expected ” .
“ you should wash your hands , ” he said , “ and probably get some sleep and eat salads and go to the gym , and that ’ s about the same today as it was yesterday. ” “ if anything , ” he added , “ i ’ ve become much more confident riding the subway. ” many findings made sense : heavily trafficked stations like grand central and times square had more bacteria and more diversity among them ; the subway was most enriched for bacteria associated with skin .
“ we have every sort of technology in tokyo .
what am i going to do for the winter ?
watched over by a trust of experts until it is finally printed , it is now , says the novelist , “ as gone from me as a coin dropped in a river ” .
it had drummed up 22m views on youtube by the first week of january , ahead of the 16.6m clocked by sainsbury ’ s ad featuring first world war soldiers sharing a bar of chocolate , the uk ’ s next most popular ad of 2014 .
in their work , tonagawa ’ s team used a technique known as optogenetics , which allows the fine control of individual brain cells .
after reviewing the documents , some historians suggest that adams does not deserve equal credit with le verrier .
in 1843 , john couch adams calculated the orbit of a hypothesized eighth planet that would account for uranus 's motion .
counsellors argue things have become worse since the financial crisis and the debate over income inequality that has been spurred on by movements like occupy wall street and the fight for $ 15 fair wage campaign .
“ we have heard the voice of scotland and , now , the millions of voices of england must be heard , ” he said .
although there was widespread disillusionment with the slow pace of economy recovery and a high unemployment level , americans decided to stick with him .
when a friend of hers that she ’ d lost track of moved to naples for a month , raskauskas didn ’ t even realize she was there until after she ’ d left , which the 22-year-old said “ was a bummer ” .
a day that began with a fresh round of dawn raids on the baur au lac hotel in zurich ended with 16 football officials being indicted on corruption charges in the us , including five current or former members of fifa ’ s executive committee .
it is aimed at bridging the gap between snorkelling , with its limited scope , and scuba diving , which gives divers the freedom to breathe underwater but at the cost of using cumbersome and expensive gear .
she portrayed the character alexx woods , a medical examiner in the forensics-related drama csi : miami .
regular season the boston bruins led the league in overall points with 110 .
using their tail to support their weight , they deliver kicks with their powerful hind legs .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
the organization is also helping 635 children who are working in hazardous conditions to know their rights under bangladesh ’ s 2010 child labour elimination code of conduct .
in march , a bbc documentary will feature food writer stefan gates searching out and eating deep-fried locusts and barbecued tarantulas .
born rolihlahla dalibhunga in a small village in the eastern cape on 18 july , 1918 , mandela was given his english name , nelson , by a teacher at his school .
sports gelsenkirchen is home of the football club fc schalke 04 .
bar customers are encouraged to “ come fill out a form or call 311 and to include date-and-time-stamped photographs documenting illegal smoking ” .
they put forward a trio of policies , all of which require massive global investment .
he had the tastes of a typical millionaire .
security measures have intensified since the devastating bombing of the national security crisis cell in july 2012 , when four of assad ’ s most senior aides were killed .
instead , it has a smartphone app that summons it and tells it the destination , and a single stop button mounted between the two front-facing seats in case the occupants need to override the computer .
“ the lobbyists were all over this , ” archer said .
“ now , we need to build another one , ” he says with a grin .
a subsistence farmer , he grew vegetables and bought rice .
the royal library of turin is a world heritage site in turin , italy .
the 10-year-old and 55-year-old wake and sleep naturally at the same time. ” this might be why , he adds , the traditional nine to five is so ingrained ; it is maintained by bosses , many of them in their mid-50s and upwards because “ it is best for them ” .
but after six weeks they saw the results and were surprised .
with further advances , the technology could have a profound impact on medicine and other fields .
“ he lived reconciliation .
“ each day , they typically spend up to eight hours visiting five to ten stores , plus another hour or two filing detailed reports on every aspect of their visit. ” for that , the mystery shoppers can earn up to £155 a day .
“ everyone can do it but beginners should start with educated trainers so that they can work at the correct intensity for them , ” he explains .
the us , the world ’ s richest country , is down in eighth place , while the uk fails to make the top ten at number 13 .
ensuring that the food supply is free of contamination .
so i need it to be uniformed across the board for everybody. ” many small business owners also fear smoke- free revenue loss .
the city has a larger population than the provincial capital , and ranks second in land area .
being able to post on mumsnet has helped me feel less alone. ” helplines can also reduce loneliness , at least in the short term .
we ’ re talking about preserving them for hundreds to thousands of years , ” said cerf .
eventually , humans will figure out a way to get rid of sleep .
british people think the top 1 % wealthiest households own 59 % of their country ’ s wealth , when they actually “ only ” own 23 % .
most universities offer students such counselling and many run group sessions that specifically address loneliness .
my goal is to pair up people who really want a family and a partner – and who ’ ll stay together .
she took up writing poetry when she was 80 .
in biology , signal transduction refers to any process by which a cell converts one kind of signal or stimulus into another .
on average , they did not enjoy the experience .
all he needed , the industrial designer thought , was a little more time to properly capture the fish in their natural environment .
in short , the researchers conclude , the subway and city are about as safe as everyone thought .
definition overview the key idea behind a reed – solomon code is that the data encoded is first visualized as a polynomial .
“ the statements that american intelligence officials have made about collecting on the intentions of foreign leadership , that ’ s consistent with the understanding i ’ ve had for years , as a member of the intelligence committee , ” he said .
“ but , this time , the authorities have decided to apply the letter of the law , ” cardew , a british-born cook who moved to iceland in 2000 , said .
“ if i had known , when i started planning , how complicated and costly it would be , i wouldn ’ t have come .
the suit contains 17 sensors that register movement up to 120 times per second in three dimensions for 23 joints .
as a result of selene being conflated with artemis , later writers sometimes referred to selene as a daughter of zeus , like artemis , or of pallas the titan .
natural ytterbium is a mix of seven stable isotopes .
it ’ s a step in the right direction. ” he says that , while much of the traditional navigational aids were things such as the sun , moon and stars that never changed and would , at least on a human scale , always be there , other impacts of environmental degradation were becoming clearer when voyaging across the pacific .
a new frontal ridge had formed on august 17 which caused the storm to drift in a westerly direction .
once they knew the owner of a particular number had a partner , identifying the significant other was easy , they report .
a game played in a browser is often called a browser-based game -lrb- bbg -rrb- .
nothing that will fit into my apartment. ” at the end of the experiment , carle takes out a bank loan to refurnish his home and clothe himself .
his 1999 album hours … was based around music he had written for a computer game called omikron , in which bowie and iman appeared as characters .
china is the us government ’ s largest creditor .
the team has just been abuzz .
sea snakes occur mainly in the indian ocean and the southwest pacific .
“ the results do not suggest that plague or anthrax is prevalent , ” the study says .
mcdonald ’ s has revealed that worldwide sales dropped by 3.3 % on 2013 in a set of results that were described as atrocious .
steve deace , a prominent iowa conservative , said that trump ’ s antics are “ both a good and a bad thing .
the county 's elevation decreases toward the east , with the lowest height in the siret river valley .
himalayan lakes , spacewalks and the presidential primaries helped scott kelly keep his wits over 340 days in space , the astronaut told journalists , after he landed back on earth from a record-setting mission .
vedic soma in the vedas , soma is portrayed as sacred and as a god -lrb- deva -rrb- .
like , not at all .
they should be entitled to holiday pay in line with the number of hours they work , but do not qualify for sick pay .
kelley says that synchronized hours could have “ many positive consequences .
she moved out for a year to go to university but has been living with her parents ever since .
like bbm , all of these services are free for any phone with an internet connection .
tatyana bets was at work in the reception area of a hospital clinic in the centre of the city when the meteorite struck .
the last election was held on 18 september 2005 , the 16th bundestag convened on 18 october 2005 .
silt washed from nearby farms is also choking the channels that criss-cross doñana .
when no one showed any interest , cave took on the task by himself .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
the polygraph is beloved of the movies , with countless dramatic moments showing the guilty sweating profusely as they are hooked up .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
put it away as a courtesy to the person behind you , and to the band. ” it has even filtered into the world of classical music , with one of the world ’ s leading pianists surprising concert-goers in june 2013 when he stormed off stage because a fan was filming his performance on a smartphone .
its corrugated iron walls are hung with educational charts – illustrated letters of the alphabet and a map of bangladesh .
the eu has set a target of ensuring that 10 % of each member country ’ s power can be transported abroad by cable by 2020 .
while there is now better diagnosis , the rise in incidence is real , leading many more people to suspect allergies are the reason for their own or their children ’ s health issues .
and it allowed us to build a powerful network that groups together these initiatives. ” from 2006 to 2008 , duran took out 68 commercial and personal loans from 39 banks in spain .
romulus , the first moon , was discovered on february 18 , 2001 from the keck ii telescope by michael e. brown and jean-luc margot .
hearing a click off a salmon is probably one of the most challenging things a killer whale does .
now , the trading city , nicknamed the “ door of the desert ” , is the location for another blockbuster – a complex of four linked solar mega-plants , which , alongside hydro and wind , will help provide nearly half of morocco ’ s electricity from renewables by 2020 with , it is hoped , some spare to export to europe .
he chose as his episcopal motto -lrb- " obedience and peace " -rrb- , which became his guiding motto .
diwakar chapagain , who heads a world wildlife fund nepal unit that monitors wildlife trade , said tiger skins were in demand in tibet , where well-heeled people use them as festival costumes .
rather , he said , it was equivalent to implanting an association that perhaps someone can not place but that makes them wary of a specific environment for no apparent reason .
as norma dissipated , moisture from the cyclone was entrapped in a large extratropical low .
in some tests , the team has already achieved more than 80 % .
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
we will deliver on stronger powers for a stronger scottish parliament , a strong scotland. ” but he said that would go beyond scotland .
jørgen vig knudstorp , lego ’ s chief executive , said : “ it is a very satisfactory result that shows our significant growth in recent years in a tough economic environment .
nepal , ranked 77 , introduced a basic pension in 1995 for people over the age of 70 without other pension income .
if someone ’ s going to the gym eight times a week and travelling every month , they are not putting a family first. ” limal has a six-year-old daughter from a previous relationship , but coming from a big family – his father is one of 11 – he has always wanted more children .
but bartho boer , a spokesman for the mayor , denies that the plans are illiberal .
officials put the number of people injured at almost 1,200 , with more than 40 taken to hospital – most as a result of flying glass shattered by the sonic boom created by the meteorite ’ s descent .
the northern part , the restkreis sankt wendel , was merged into the district birkenfeld , the southern part stayed in the saarland in its reduced size .
his father is a street seller and his mother a part-time domestic worker .
but , his efforts will be rewarded years from now , said karim , thanks to the lunar calendar .
iridophores are plates of chitin or protein , which can reflect the environment around a cuttlefish .
let ’ s come together .
his oeuvre revolutionized the traditional tango into a new style termed nuevo tango , incorporating elements from jazz and classical music .
it is also a region with a vibrant local community and it is a major tourist destination. ” less convincingly , china has disputed the domain “ .shangrila ” , which is proposed by a hotel group of the same name .
by early the next day , the remnants of gabrielle were absorbed by an approaching cold front .
it still means fasting for some 18 hours a day , said atif jilani , who moved to iqaluit from toronto in 2015 .
byers works with local conservation committees to identify and plan for the impacts of climate change , most usually finding new water sources or introducing rainwater harvesting .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
this was followed by the establishment of the grey league -lrb- grauer bund -rrb- , sometimes called oberbund , in 1395 in the upper rhine valley .
through their spending on property , vehicles and holidays , it is estimated that each winner keeps six people in a full-time job for a year .
it grows out of the difficulties in assimilating the new culture , causing difficulty in knowing what is appropriate and what is not .
“ i know it must be because of my feedback or why would they pay me to give it ?
as they tuck into traditional foods such as dates and goat or lamb curries , the sun shines brightly through the windows .
at 15 , david formed his first band , the kon-rads .
the first use of the word was for the limbs of fish , but has been extended to include other animal limbs and man-made devices .
ministers believe it is important to move quickly to avoid a repeat of the 1980 referendum in québec .
however , the saltire design of the alabama state flag also bears resemblance to several other flags .
events include special downton -themed receptions at british embassies .
“ there were a lot of girls in shock .
ohio state has also won national championships in men 's swimming & diving , men 's outdoor track & field , men 's golf , men 's gymnastics , men 's fencing , co-ed fencing , and multiple synchronized swimming championships .
to the north the canton is bounded by the swiss cantons of vaud and bern ; the cantons of uri and ticino lie to its east .
sweden is the best country for older people , afghanistan the worst – but general affluence does not necessarily mean better conditions for the over-60s , according to the first global index on ageing .
by 8.30 pm he had attracted the attention of the watchman for the maritime service board , james cargill .
because of the lack of physical characteristics supporting this group , it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized is subject to enlargement .
very large corporations such as ge , toyota and sharp , and investment firms such as goldman sachs are making multi-billion dollar investments in clean technology .
mars one said it had signed a contract with the american firm paragon space development corporation to take the first steps in developing the life support system and spacesuits fit for the mission .
the number of wild royal bengal tigers in nepal has increased to 198 – a 63.6 % rise in five years – the government survey showed. ” this is very encouraging , ” said maheshwar dhakal , an ecologist with nepal ’ s department of national parks and wildlife conservation .
at least , it doesn ’ t if you ’ re breath-holding on land .
in her teens , she made a name for herself in rio de janeiro ’ s baile funk scene as a dancer and singer .
“ it favours moneyed classes rather than those who came here to help spain get ahead , ” he said .
the latest numbers also call into question the accuracy of official data on the topic .
but few here seem to expect things to get any better .
animal protein-rich food consumes five to ten times more water than a vegetarian diet .
“ after the disaster , spain woke up to the fact that it possessed a place of real ecological importance and did a lot to clean it up and protect it , ” he added .
vicki littman , chairperson of the east hampton food pantry , which provided more than 31,000 food parcels in 2015 , says the number of people seeking out the food pantry is ever increasing .
“ seasonal differences in intrauterine vitamin d concentrations seem most plausible , ” they say .
he would want to know what ’ s happening on the outside .
while most concerts are now aglow with phones and tablets , bush is taking a stand against fans watching her shows through the digital veil of a screen .
now , in a struggling corner of italy , one mayor thinks he has found an answer to his town ’ s chronic lack of work – although , rather than a solution , it appears to some to be more of an admission of defeat .
the number one question is this : can spectre repeat the skyfall trick ?
governments across europe dream of finding a magic solution to rising unemployment .
hurricane epsilon was only the sixth ever atlantic hurricane recorded in december .
the new research narrowed that range to between 3c and 5c , by closely examining the biggest cause of uncertainty : clouds .
bolivia had argued that the convention was in opposition to its new constitution , adopted in 2009 , which obliges it to “ protect native and ancestral coca as cultural patrimony ” and maintains that coca “ in its natural state … is not a narcotic ” .
ethiopia ’ s growing middle class is also pushing up demand for teff and rising domestic prices have put the grain out of reach of the poorest .
it was crazy .
we were treated well .
but , behind all the gimmicks and jokes about flies in the soup there is a deeply serious message .
“ i don ’ t want to rent – i don ’ t want to spend all that money and have nothing at the end , ” she said .
“ these are clearly cover-ups. ” the fraudulent menu scandal has exploded at just the wrong time .
at the bottom of the balloon was a capsule , in which baumgartner sat in his suit .
in the past 20 years or so , many new anchor designs have appeared .
“ it feels almost like intimacy overload. ” she added : “ i ’ m holding a lot in my work life for people and sometimes it felt like it was too heavy to do in my personal life also. ” but beausoleil does love the way social media connects the world in a truly unique way , citing it as one of her only reasons for staying on facebook for as long as she did .
4 .
kingda ka is a roller coaster located at six flags great adventure in jackson township , new jersey , usa .
eastman and kotik performed together extensively in the early to mid 1970s .
in 2008 , the pentagon published a report called “ human performance ” which examined the possibility of a future in which soldiers could perform at their peak with only a couple of hours ’ sleep .
duran is widening his focus to include spain ’ s justice system , by promoting restorative justice .
there ’ s been some issues in other sports with players having heart attacks. ” caroline wozniacki said : “ i put the water bottle down on the court and it started melting a little bit underneath the plastic .
there were no reported deaths .
the contemporary status of the mandaeans has prompted a number of american intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
5 power-line helicopter pilot typical salary : £65,000 the job : to fly close to high-voltage power lines in a helicopter so that the lines can be inspected with a camera and any potential faults and issues can be identified by the power company .
the 1974 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1974 , and lasted until november 30 , 1974 .
douglas graham , the mnd association ’ s fundraising director , said : “ the backlash is to be expected but , really , this is just a wonderful windfall and we ’ re so grateful .
iguchi shakes his head .
they must also be over 18 .
a little later , the football club secretary arrived with envelopes to pay the officials for their time – the match fee at level 5 is £95 so it is safe to assume these men do not do it for the cash .
it is very difficult to untangle that .
it appears to have lived in wetlands , using two fork-like incisors to shovel up reeds and sedges for food .
this can be mitigated by using multiple kerberos servers and fallback authentication mechanisms .
i wanted to see if it was possible and feasible to do what the minister was asking us to do ; to hold him to account for his words , ” carle told the guardian over a non-french coffee in a parisian café after finishing his documentary .
ballan primary school was established on 8 january 1855 .
in 1967 , he became chairman of the spd fraction in the landtag , and in 1970 minister of science and education in the cabinet of minister president heinz kühn .
he died in 1946 , six years before she was born .
larger properties need maintaining , and 30 % of winners employed a cleaner and 24 % a gardener .
“ in the uk , inequality is rapidly returning to levels not seen since the time of charles dickens [ the nineteenth-century novelist ] .
“ today , the sea is so full of so many bottles and rubbish that more shouldn ’ t be thrown in there , ” she said .
as an adopted new yorker , bowie was the opening act at the concert for new york city in october 2001 , where he joined paul mccartney , jon bon jovi , billy joel , the who and elton john in a benefit show six weeks after the 9/11 attacks .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
problems are piling up almost everywhere .
“ we need to ensure that people lifted out of poverty remain above the poverty line permanently .
it was also opposed by leading intelligence committee member mark udall , who said it did not go far enough .
fewer still connect that five-millimetre flex in the rubber surface to the powering of the streetlights above .
after london , edinburgh is the next-ranking british city , in 46th place .
we all – politicians , business and people – have an interest , and a responsibility , to act to ensure we protect what we all value : a healthy future for people and nature .
japan is trying to persuade south korea and other countries to lift bans on food imports imposed in response to the fukushima nuclear accident , while unesco is considering a request to add japanese cuisine to its intangible cultural heritage list .
the castle has been one enormous character as well. ” the downton tourists are part of a growing phenomenon .
researchers believe the mirror could slash the amount of energy used to control air temperatures in business premises and shopping centres by doing away with power-hungry cooling systems .
ofelia 's stepfather , the falangist captain vidal , viciously hunts the spanish maquis , guerrillas who fight against the franco regime in the region , while ofelia 's pregnant mother grows increasingly ill .
at least 537 deaths were blamed on hanna , primarily in haiti .
one more benign use would see brain activity used to assess whether political messages have been effectively communicated to the public .
stallman pioneered the concept of copyleft and is the main author of several copyleft licenses including the gnu general public license , the most widely used free software license .
in stirling alone , 30 schools have already started or are to start the daily mile .
“ overall , we correctly classified 82.2 % ( truths : 88.9 % ; lies : 75.6 % ) of the interviewees as either being truthful or deceptive based on the combined movement in their individual limbs , ” the report says .
“ if you had to build a visitor attraction from scratch , what could be better than the universe ? ”
characteristically for this most traditionally minded of pontiffs , he made his excuses in latin .
prince harry has flown out of afghanistan at the end of a four-month tour , during which he admitted killing insurgents while piloting his apache helicopter and spoke in rare depth about the tensions and frustrations of being a royal who craved life out of the spotlight .
but many more men and women around the world who were imprisoned and allegedly mistreated during the conflicts that often accompanied the british retreat from empire may also be considering claims : cases that could bring to light evidence of brutal mistreatment of colonial subjects and result in a new and uncomfortable understanding of recent british history .
for every method of attack the pharmaceutical companies invent , bacteria rapidly evolve a defence .
dürer was a renaissance artist picturing an exotic beast from the exotic lands that europe was starting to see more and more of .
he was an exceptionally active campaigner and critic in the crisis years in italy after the first world war and into the early years of fascist rule .
officials are keenly aware of the running they are making in what is the most advanced renewable energy programme in the middle east and north african region .
“ and it ’ s creative .
it appealed to the daniel-craig-era fans , who are relative newcomers to the franchise , and it also managed to engage the older , more nostalgic elements of the audience , who may have lost interest over the previous few films .
the discipline is between 3,000 and 6,000 years old and originated somewhere on the indian subcontinent , possibly among religious ascetics .
some of the world ’ s largest internet brands are claimed to be part of the information-sharing program since its introduction in 2007 .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
he says that he will soon publish research showing that doing the programme just twice a week , less than half the volume in the original research , still provides significant health benefits .
adjacent counties are marin -lrb- to the south -rrb- , mendocino -lrb- to the north -rrb- , lake -lrb- northeast -rrb- , napa -lrb- to the east -rrb- , and solano and contra costa -lrb- to the southeast -rrb- .
“ i saw this film about fish in a cement pool and i thought it was a good idea , ” said chon , herself diagnosed with hiv in 1992 .
lynch said : “ the department of justice is committed to ending the rampant corruption we have described amidst the leadership of international football – not only because of the scale of the schemes alleged earlier and today , or the breadth of the operation required to sustain such corruption , but also because of the affront to international principles that this behaviour represents. ” the acting fifa president , issa hayatou , refused to comment on the detail of the latest arrests .
but , the data on such crimes is not well collected in all regions .
the medicines and healthcare products regulatory authority had already invited manufacturers to cooperate by opting for voluntary regulation in june 2013 in advance of what it still hopes will be compulsory across europe .
use of the non-toxic green spray has now spread to tianjin and a host of other cities in china ’ s north-west .
people need to know that .
by that time the asymmetrical nose had been cut off and discarded , possibly for additional air flow to the radiator for the car 's use in and around the carnivals .
meteorological history a cut-off extratropical cyclone over the central north pacific moved over an area of ocean with sea surface temperatures as high as 2 ° c above normal for two days .
within my working lifetime , the pattern of antibiotic resistance in healthcare has transformed from a rare but notable event to a problem of epidemic proportion .
he then took his backroom staff aside before finally addressing the rest of the staff in the canteen .
the uk independence party leader , nigel farage , said cameron ’ s offer of more devolution for england did not go far enough .
it can also be used pejoratively , to refer to a common street beggar who chants holy names , scriptures or verses .
we have been working to improve the rate of organ donation and have had some success , but we ’ re looking to take the next step forward .
“ but it is cheap and it is easy to get , and it is what everyone is doing. ” this drug crisis has put athens ’ s health authorities , already overwhelmed by draconian cuts , under further strain .
instantly , he says , his sense of invincibility was shattered .
the city government anticipates moving around ten families a year into this programme , which starts in 2013 .
the project has attracted the interest of the liberian government , and the un food and agriculture organization , which has worked with grow2feed to provide training , will also support teaching at the university of liberia .
he is planning britain ’ s first “ astrovillage ” , one that would house the largest public observatory in the world and boast a 100-seat auditorium , a 100-seat planetarium , a one-metre aperture telescope , and radiomagnetic and solar telescopes .
“ tourist numbers are down 80 % this year , ” said mayor maria kakali , in an office in the village where she grew up , home to around 200 people .
inside one , water drips through a huge crystal chandelier onto a thick carpet rotting under sections of collapsed ceiling .
more than 5,000 households have signed up so far and there are plans to extend the initiative to other cities throughout nigeria .
but his passing will also be keenly felt by people around the world , who revered mandela as one of history ’ s last great statesmen , and a moral paragon comparable with mohandas karamchand gandhi and martin luther king .
she last deactivated her account in december 2015 after finding the amount of personal information shared by others “ too heavy ” to deal with on top of her work demands .
the students were questioned when the time was up .
the level of enthusiasm that has surrounded star wars for at least the last two decades is evidenced by what has become known as the “ expanded universe ” : the plethora of novels , comic books , video games and merchandising that lucasfilm has created or licensed over the years .
the results suggest that blue eye colour came ﬁrst in europe , with the transition to lighter skin ongoing through mesolithic times .
for 85 years , it was little more than a featureless grey blob on classroom maps of the solar system , but , on 15 july , pluto was seen in high resolution for the first time , revealing dramatic mountain ranges made from solid water ice on a scale to rival the alps or the rockies .
this cycle , however , was nothing new : the history of the bond series has been one of ebb and flow , stasis and renewal , revolving most obviously around the lead actor : first , sean connery ; then , successively , george lazenby , roger moore , timothy dalton , brosnan and , now , craig .
he paid tribute to what he called a “ triumph for democratic politics ” and said he would work with westminster in the best interests of scotland and the rest of the uk – warning the leaders of the three main parties to make good on their promises of enhanced devolution for scotland .
spotify , for example , lost €93.1m in 2013 .
the most recent major analysis , which took in 223 studies in 2012 , found little evidence .
games released by sunflowers include the anno series -lrb- anno 1602 , anno 1503 , and anno 1701 -rrb- , black sea studios ' knights of honor and sek 's paraworld .
“ getting older doesn ’ t have to mean getting lonelier , ” says ruth sutherland , the chief executive of the relationship counselling service relate , in a new report .
women can drink whatever we want , ” she says .
the first 30 seconds are easy .
in the 1987 hbo television movie conspiracy : the trial of the chicago 8 , hoffman was portrayed by michael lembeck .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
whether this was the result of whitening products and cosmetic surgery or – more likely – photoshop tweaks , the contrast has rekindled discussion about whether you need to be pale to get ahead in brazil .
this made her a first cousin of the king 's second wife , anne boleyn .
the president pro tempore is third in the line of presidential succession , following the vice president and the speaker of the house .
if we come every day , maybe we can touch our dreams , ” says kamal , a refugee from sudan ’ s war-torn darfur district who comes to three or four hours of classes every day .
the internationally renowned cuban artist kcho is providing the service .
sacred music while rore is best known for his italian madrigals , he was also a prolific composer of sacred music , both masses and motets .
a later start to the day for many , says kelley , “ is something that would benefit everyone , particularly families .
when two islanders spotted a small fibreglass boat washed up on a remote pacific atoll , they decided to take a closer look .
“ there ’ s always a chance inky could come home to us . ”
“ our guardian angel will take care of you , ” said mission control , and the man known as fearless felix jumped .
a few months ago , it firm computer sciences corporation ( csc ) produced a report that claimed around 30 % of retailers use facial recognition technology to track customers in-store .
the drainpipe was 50 metres long and opened onto the waters of hawke ’ s bay , on the east coast of new zealand ’ s north island .
the spanish team went on to compare the genome of the hunter-gatherer to those of modern europeans from different regions to see how they might be related .
the foods most commonly found in british bins are bread , vegetables , fruit and milk .
in bolivia and peru , reports of rising incomes owing to the now-global quinoa trade have come alongside those of malnutrition and conflicts over land , as farmers sell their entire crop to meet western demand .
in a nod to pluto ’ s former status as the ninth planet , until it was downgraded to a dwarf planet in 2006 , the nasa press conference began with a rundown of spectacular images of the sun and the eight official planets .
traditionally , the leader of the national party serves as deputy prime minister when the coalition is in government .
but , in my experience , the majority of prisoners want to change , and we must do what we can to help to facilitate that .
throwing a pie in a person 's face has been a staple of film comedy since ben turpin received one in mr. flip in 1909 , and is often associated with clowns in popular culture .
“ the move to bring blackberry to the iphone is four or five years too late , ” says james gooderson , an 18-year-old student who blogs on technology .
the form of quinine most effective in treating malaria was found by charles marie de la condamine in 1737 .
the collective term for all types of ammunition is munitions .
moreover , a whole new generation was reached through a hugely successful goldeneye video-game spin-off , making a significant contribution to perceptions that the bond film was no longer stale and old-fashioned .
but the prism program renders that consent unnecessary , as it allows the agency to directly and unilaterally seize the communications off the companies ’ servers .
“ the cardinals were just looking at one another , ” sanchéz barba said .
the 300 or so muslims in yellowknife , in the northwest territories , have several options when it comes to fasting during ramadan , said nazim awan , president of the yellowknife islamic centre , with exceptions made for those who are pregnant or ill. “ there might be some superhumans who want to fast for 23 hours , but the other option is to follow the intent and spirit of fasting by following nearby cities or they can follow the times of mecca and medina. ” in recent years , much of the community has opted to follow the ramadan timetable of edmonton , in alberta .
“ droppings ! ” he enthuses .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
with a similar battle already looming over the testing of co 2 emissions for cars at the end of 2015 – and with comparable debates in other countries – the introduction of the eu ’ s new emissions tests will be watched closely .
the extraordinary images of the former ninth planet and its large moon , charon , beamed 4bn miles back to earth from the new horizons spacecraft , mark the climax of a mission that has been quietly underway for nearly a decade .
“ when you think about the quantity of documentation from our daily lives that is captured in digital form , like our interactions by email , people ’ s tweets and all of the world wide web , it ’ s clear that we stand to lose an awful lot of our history , ” he said .
tresca alleged that , before she had disappeared , poyntz had talked to him about her disgust over joseph stalin 's great terror .
you are our honoured guest – respecting and protecting guests is not only our moral obligation but an article of faith. ” some visitors may worry about the ethics of having fun in a place with a population suffering from record levels of anxiety and mental health problems .
winners spent £463m on 17,190 cars , with the average price of their favourite being £46,116 .
vancomycin resistant staphylococcus aureus ( vrsa ) emerged in our hospitals .
diffie-hellman key exchange -lrb- d-h -rrb- is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to jointly establish a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel .
for those aged 12 to 15 , phone calls account for just 3 % of time spent communicating through any device .
it ’ s to these youngsters that i owe my new popularity. ” he acquired further rock credibility with the 1970 album indianola mississippi seeds , on which he collaborated with carole king and joe walsh .
“ we ask people if they are ok with someone who already has children as well as wanting another baby , ” limal said .
incorporating “ reducing ( income ) inequality ” as a post-2015 goal would steer the international agenda in the right direction , given that lessening or containing inequality speeds up the impact of economic growth on poverty reduction .
it also managed to get the surprise beyoncé album in 2013 before anyone else so it is inevitable that it will want more like that .
the rotation period could not be estimated conclusively -lrb- best fit ~ 4 h -rrb- .
the 43-year-old actor , originally from france , had spent 20 years living in copenhagen and looking for love in the hope of raising children .
sivry-rance is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
john paul stevens -lrb- born april 20 , 1920 -rrb- is the senior associate justice of the supreme court of the united states .
the retailer ’ s use of the contracts was followed by details of a string of other companies using the deals , including cinema chain cineworld and buckingham palace , which uses them for its 350 summer workers .
that display , which is in the user ’ s eyeline , then acts as a health bar turning from green to red when the air runs low .
at the start of the summer season , geelani wrote an open letter to tourists and pilgrims that said : “ whatever your faith , whatever language you speak and to whatever region you belong , we are bound by a common bond , the bond of humanity .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
a regiment is a military unit , composed of variable numbers of battalions , commanded by a colonel .
“ i wasn ’ t really running too much towards the end .
justification is seen by protestants as being the theological fault line that divided roman catholic from protestant during the reformationfor example , kurt aland , a history of christianity , vol .
i am of ethiopian origin ; i ’ ve been eating injera all my life. ” growing demand for so-called ancient grains has not always been a straightforward win for poor communities .
the lpi showed the number of vertebrates had declined by 52 % over four decades .
he followed it with 1972 ’ s hunky dory , a mix of wordy , elaborate songwriting .
in 1876 , the committee adopted the name " international committee of the red cross " -lrb- icrc -rrb- , which is still its official designation today .
it ’ s so minimal , though , that crossing the atlantic weekly for 40 years would only move you 1/1,000th of a second into the future .
carbon dating put the remains at around 7,000 years old , before farming had swept into europe from the middle east .
musically , this was the year in which he put his energy into an all-out commercial onslaught with the album let ’ s dance and follow-up concerts .
during the day , from late september to mid-march , the town , three hours north-west of oslo , is not completely dark , but it ’ s certainly not bright , either .
whether it needs reinvigorating is questionable .
facebook has its own newswire , sharing the most useful user reaction to breaking stories , including pictures and videos .
“ this will bring much happiness. ” across the road , in the nye tider café , sits the man responsible for this unexpected access to happiness .
melodifestivalen 2008 on february 23 oliv participated in melodifestivalen 2008 , as she played cello during mickey huskic entry in semifinal three .
“ he was very friendly , very inquisitive and a popular attraction here .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön leave .
local existence not all bundesländer have this subdivision ; some are directly divided into districts .
“ i ’ m a visionary .
but it ’ s the creatures that provide the most “ natural capital ” or “ ecosystem services ” that are getting many scientists really worried .
the series had survived the drying up of actual bond stories to adapt , the movies having long since departed from any resemblance to the ian fleming originals , but it was lacking a certain dynamism .
but food in liberia is very expensive .
“ at the end of it , we ’ d developed a really great rhythm of , one second , having really funny inside jokes , and , the next second , knowing when the other needed space. ” although the pair failed to fall for one another , axani said the trip , which took in milan , venice , vienna , prague , khao lak ( in thailand ) and hong kong , was “ fantastic ” .
it was first published on 16 november 1998 in the united kingdom , although the first united states edition did not follow until march 1999 .
some , such as awan – a father of two young children , including a 12-year-old who recently started fasting – follow the timings of mecca .
just enjoy the gig , ” he said .
whereas , in silicon valley , everyone is from everywhere .
borken is a kreis -lrb- district -rrb- in the northwestern part of north rhine-westphalia , germany in the region münsterland .
this expired in 1989 and since then the issue has been under dispute .
seaworld has been in the headlines since the 2013 documentary blackfish detailed claims that its treatment of orca whales provoked violent behaviour , contributing to the deaths of three people .
in 2013 , british people gave £62bn to charity – we should be proud of that .
anil varma , a local property developer , has decided to rebuild one of the most valuable sites on the avenue as a collection of 20 apartments with a concierge , maid service , 25-metre pool , spa and cinema .
then , there ’ s the rise of the quantified self through wearable technology .
he concedes that historians will take steps to preserve material considered important by today ’ s standards but argues that the significance of documents and correspondence is often not fully appreciated until hundreds of years later .
in popular culture rice 's songs have appeared featured several times on popular films and television shows , adding to his mainstream success .
environmental authorities are giving these much- maligned birds a pr makeover , kitting them out with gopro action video cameras and gps trackers , and giving them a new mission in the fight against fly-tipping and illegal dumping .
jules captured footage of american airlines flight 11 hitting the north tower of the world trade center .
of the women who suffer violence , 42 % sustain injuries , which can bring them to the attention of healthcare staff .
his magisterium includes almost 1,000 addresses and radio broadcasts .
companies are working to develop technology that will enable a vehicle to tell traffic control systems not only that it is present but also where it is going and how fast it is travelling .
jardin place jean bayol is a large plaza which contains a statue of the first king of porto-novo .
“ apart from the accidental reintroduction of boar , we ’ ve done almost nothing , whereas , in much of the rest of europe , we ’ ve got bears , lynx and wolves coming back .
in britain , we like predators to be far away and to watch them on television , said entwisle .
beresford is a city in lincoln and union counties in the u.s. state of south dakota .
with a teabag or portion of loose tea weighing around 3g , that means britons are drinking on average only eight cups of tea a week today , down from 23 cups in 1974 .
the storm dropped heavy rainfall near its immediate landfall location but little precipitation elsewhere .
in 2014 , uk adults ate an average of 157g of fruit per day , equivalent to almost two portions of the five-a-day recommendation from the government .
in low- and middle-income europe , the proportion is 27.2 % .
an example is provided at the restaurant dehesa de abajo , where you can have a drink or a meal surrounded by trees in which storks and black kites are nesting .
now , without doubt , it is loved by millions of other people. ” currently , only the ground and first floors of highclere , on the borders of hampshire , are used .
shadow of the hegemon -lrb- 2001 -rrb- is the second novel in the ender 's shadow series -lrb- often called the bean quartet -rrb- by orson scott card .
you know how arianna huffington gets her eight hours ?
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
my main day job is in a café where the small number of staff work both front of house and in the kitchen so all our tips get put in a pot and shared equally .
“ it ’ s a very fast growing , young and lively city , ” she added – though she conceded she works for the city ’ s tourist board .
ceo craig anderson says : “ we want to help reduce traffic , help reduce our carbon footprint and promote a healthy lifestyle. ” he tells customers : “ ride this once and try not to smile. ” startups like pedego and electrobike will have to compete with big companies like trek and currie , which , in 2012 , was acquired by the accell group , a public company based in the netherlands that is europe ’ s market leader in e-bikes .
“ you can kill without understanding that you have done it .
“ in my reading of the literature , there is no evidence for the midlife crisis .
standing at the edge of space above the deserts of new mexico , felix baumgartner paused slightly .
to open it , you would have to pull against the air pressure , well beyond the capabilities of human muscles .
the vast fortunes made by the world ’ s richest 100 billionaires are driving up inequality and hindering the world ’ s ability to tackle poverty , according to oxfam .
“ about a year and a half ago , ” he said in 1969 , “ all of a sudden , kids started coming up to me saying , 'you ’ re the greatest blues guitarist in the world . '
the 18- to 34-year-olds surveyed were more likely to feel lonely often , to worry about feeling alone and to feel depressed because of loneliness than the over-55s .
zimbabwe has a thriving mapone caterpillar industry and laos was given nearly $ 500,000 by the fao to develop an insect-harvesting project .
in 1845 it joined the united states as the 28th state .
however , it turns out pointing a camera at someone ’ s chest or hips feels just as creepy as facial recognition .
it is incredibly unfair that our tips are shared out , especially when one member of the team underperforms .
to the fans , thank you .
speaking about the arrangements with starbucks , the conservative mp richard bacon said : “ it smells .
in the case of asteroids , so many have been discovered that many will never be named by their discoverers .
more than a dozen police officers attended the tesco store on glover drive , upper edmonton , as scuffles broke out between eager and frustrated shoppers .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
while collaborating with mylène farmer and laurent boutonnat , alizée released two albums — both of which were hits inside and outside of france .
stratford remained hugely important throughout shakespeare ’ s life , argues paul edmondson , the head of learning and research at the shakespeare birthplace trust .
the coffee store chain insists it pays the correct level of taxes .
the term " union council " may be used for localities that are part of cities .
saint-victoret is a commune in the bouches-du-rhône department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southern france .
education from 1954 to 1957 , annan attended the elite mfantsipim school , a methodist boarding school in cape coast founded in the 1870s .
gothic architecture , in its catalan or mediterranean version , is the predominant style of this cathedral , although it also contains romanesque , french gothic , renaissance art , baroque and neoclassical elements .
tyler attended the congressional school of virginia , breakwater school and waynflete school in portland , maine , before returning to new york city with her mother at the age of 12 .
sweden was the first country in europe to introduce the electronic tagging of convicted criminals and continues to strive to minimize short-term prison sentences wherever possible by using community-based measures , which have been proven to be more effective at reducing reoffending .
if it sounds familiar , it ’ s because the online world has been using techniques like these for years .
“ i wouldn ’ t spend so much time away from my family if this didn ’ t mean the world to me. ” as one of the group that is highly regarded by the professional game match officials limited ( pgmol ) for his potential , swabey knew he was being watched at that match .
“ wealth can be a barrier to connecting with other people , ” confessed a spouse of a tech entrepreneur who made about $ 80m .
“ an island is our canoe , the community are the crew members and the politicians and leaders are the navigators .
he was also commissioned in 1944 by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin .
armed with anonymous “ metadata ” on people ’ s calls and texts , but not the content of the communications , two scientists at stanford university worked out individuals ’ names , where they lived and the names of their partners .
“ we will need a new recipe to feed the world in the future , ” said the report ’ s editor , anders jägerskog .
he is survived by 11 children by various partners ; four others predeceased him .
cultivation of the valencia in orange county had all but ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising property costs , which drove most of what remained of the southern california orange industry into florida .
“ it ’ s a programme for those with no other resource ; it ’ s the last-chance saloon .
i think she means margaret chartwood from horley , who was given the honour in january , at the age of 77 .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the anti-capitalist movement has grown from a fringe movement to one supported by thousands of spaniards , he said , evidenced by the widely supported movements such as the indignados .
they had been asked earlier to rate how unpleasant the shocks were , alongside other options , such as looking at pictures of cockroaches or hearing the sound of a knife rubbing against a bottle .
the video was premiered on mtv2 on july 14 , 2006 .
the list included alfred hitchcock , alexander mcqueen , derek jarman , laura ashley , william morris and vanessa bell , which was then narrowed down by a panel of artists , critics and historians to a final choice of five .
amateur video footage from the area , often peppered with the obscene language of frightened observers , showed the chunks of meteorite glowing more brightly as they approached the moment of impact .
keymer was an ancient parish that like its near neighbour clayton was merged into the modern day parish of hassocks .
“ they want to simplify the menu but enhance its ability to customize and that sounds tricky , ” said mark kalinowski at janney capital markets .
it was discovered on february 27 , 1995 .
before snow white , the disney studio had been primarily involved in the production of animated short subjects in the mickey mouse and silly symphonies series .
donated organs would not only go to people in need of a transplant in wales but to anybody in the uk .
as long as the platform mechanic remains a prominent part of the gameplay , it may still correctly be termed a platformer .
in many parts of the world , the land is also sinking – in venice ’ s case , subsoil compaction ( a result of industrial exploitation of the surrounding area ) lowered the city by 20cm between 1950 and 1970 .
“ we are conditioning ourselves to ignore the information coming into our ears. ” “ this gift that we are born with – to reach out and hear things hundreds of metres away , all these incredible sounds – is in danger of being lost through a generational amnesia , ” he said .
the figures will be studied closely by the major e-cigarette firms , which have poured millions into promoting a technology that was thought to have been growing in popularity .
day said : “ the british government has admitted that these three kenyans were brutally tortured by the british colony and yet they have been hiding behind technical legal defences for three years in order to avoid any legal responsibility .
later that year , the band released their debut album , fresh fruit for rotting vegetables .
the labour leader said they talked about “ the challenges facing postindustrial societies and the power of global corporations , and the increasing use of technology around the world and the effect that it has. ” asked if they talked about the president ’ s intervention in the debate on britain ’ s membership of the eu , corbyn said it was discussed briefly .
after two years of successful ads featuring cuddly animals – a bear and hare , then a penguin – this time , the retailer is tugging at the heartstrings with a story of a young girl , lily , who spots an old man living in a shack on the moon through her telescope .
there is still a possibility that al-qaida could do something stupid like they have done in the past , but we haven ’ t stopped indians from travelling to london .
the report says progress on poverty reduction , while impressive to date , has had less of an impact on the chronically poor than on those who were already closer to the poverty line .
scholarships , academic awards , flying eagle awards and improvement awards are given to students with outstanding academic achievements .
bowie continued to make progress as a screen actor with appearances in the hunger and the second world war drama merry christmas , mr lawrence , both released in 1983 .
such is in addition , in the coats of arms of some neighboring places .
we asked waiters around the uk what they think of the tipping process ( including how much they take home from tips and whether it ’ s fair ) and what would improve it for them .
note that adrastea is now the name of another satellite of jupiter .
without their contribution , the history of this great club would not be as rich .
with a wide range of solutions addressing the equally wide range of challenges , we must focus more on the important part of the story that creates enthusiasm and momentum , and spurs action for much-needed change .
“ i couldn ’ t believe that nothing was being done about it .
she was devastated .
the worst case is saudi arabia , where people think only 28 % are , when 71 % are .
“ twenty-two handshakes , ” he explains afterwards , proudly .
but what they leave behind are hardy species that have begun to learn tricks that allow them to evade antibiotic drugs .
cruiserweight open for the wwe cruiserweight championship 10:28 7 goldberg defeated brock lesnar .
the wwf consisted of stone cold steve austin , kurt angle , chris jericho , kane , and the undertaker , who all squared off against the team of ddp , booker t , rhyno , and the dudley boys .
until the snow melted , the nearby ski resorts were packed with rich russians , too .
on 20 february 2007 , encyclopædia britannica , inc. announced that it was working with mobile phone search company askmenow to launch a mobile encyclopedia .
“ i ’ ll follow those hours , too , ” he said with a laugh .
howell county is a county located in south central missouri in the united states .
when water evaporates from the oceans , the vapour can rise over nine miles to form rain clouds that reﬂect sunlight ; or , it may rise just a few miles and drift back down without forming clouds .
it was very powerful and painful , and the speed was amazing .
stone cold then dragged a referee into the ring , but in a swerve , kicked kurt angle in the face , hit him with a stunner , and placed booker t on top of kurt angle and told the referee to count .
“ we did it to reunite the 'brothers ' and , at the same time , they can learn french , ” said zimarco jones , the school ’ s nigerian founder , who arrived in calais in 2013 and is still waiting for his asylum claim to be processed .
hawit only succeeded jeffrey webb in may 2015 , after webb was arrested as part of the us operation that threw fifa into crisis and precipitated the downfall of sepp blatter .
whatever side of the political debate you stand on , no one can deny that as prime minister she left a unique and lasting imprint on the country she served. ” describing her as a political phenomenon , the former tory prime minister sir john major said : “ her outstanding characteristics will always be remembered by those who worked closely with her : courage and determination in politics , and humanity and generosity of spirit in private. ” the “ iron lady ” proved a significant cold war ally of the us president ronald reagan in the final showdown with the soviet union , which broke up under reformist pressures led by mikhail gorbachev , a kremlin leader with whom thatcher famously declared she could “ do business ” .
plessur is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
you won ’ t be surprised by an ex in the street with a new girlfriend or boyfriend : you already know they ’ re dating someone else from the romantic selfies .
around 15 % of the energy used by buildings in the us goes on air conditioning , but the researchers ’ calculations suggest that , in some cases , the mirror could completely offset the need for extra cooling .
this city is just one example of a problem caused not so much by global warming as human over-expansion in the face of finite resources .
against a backdrop of crises in syria , south sudan and the central african republic , conflict and environmental disasters have to be addressed , and the report says it is essential that governments work to reduce the risk of conflict and to establish inclusive peace settlements .
however , its effects can be minimized by keeping food bland for 24 hours before travel , drinking plenty of fluids and living on your destination time from the moment you reach the aircraft .
however , there are many compounds that are essentially , if not completely , insoluble in water .
even the contacts and calendar sharing that bbm made possible on blackberry handsets have not migrated to the apple and android versions .
where are the artist exclusives ?
the candy cane is a traditional candy surrounding the christmas holiday , particularly in the western world , although it is possible to find them throughout the year .
the additions to daniel comprise three chapters not found in the hebrew / aramaic text of daniel .
it began in the us in july , although whether it was on a golf course or a baseball field depends on which version you prefer , and first appeared on mainstream american television on 15 july .
women experience less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs .
a shop assistant , silje johansen , says it ’ s “ awesome .
look at those happy faces .
kelly said the length of the mission was its biggest challenge and that he felt significantly more sore on returning to gravity than after shorter trips .
lincoln humphries had said : “ instead of pouring fresh water over your own head and wasting ice , here is a list of charities helping communities in desperate need of money across the world .
“ it scores highly in a number of categories ; it provides a safe and stable environment to live in , a high level of public utilities and transport facilities and good recreational facilities. ” the european migrant crisis , which has seen large numbers of refugees and asylum seekers pass through vienna en route to germany , has had little impact on the city of nearly 1.8 million people , said eichtinger .
after leaving frontline politics in 1999 , he admitted he should have moved sooner against the spread of hiv and aids in south africa .
jedin , 138 by specifying catholic doctrine on salvation , the sacraments , and the biblical canon , the council was answering protestant disputes .
“ the search for these links is complicated further through time constraints and fragmented cooperation and information exchange. ” the agency would like to see central banks take more responsibility for the “ striking anomalies ” in the use of €500 notes .
going out with friends was problematic – no american films , no belgian beer , no sushi or pizza .
“ the new estimate underlines the urgent need for a deep and thorough review of zero-hours by the government , which takes into account not only the scale of the problem but the effect these contracts have on workers ’ employment rights , earning capacity and personal well-being. ” unions and poverty campaign groups have accused employers of pressuring staff into signing the contracts as a way to evade their responsibilities and cut staff benefits .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
the account of ninigi no mikoto being sent to earth appears in the nihon shoki .
this campaign is another great way of putting that across in a way that will resonate with customers .
a free translation of all but one chapter was produced by arthur waley .
that shift has been particularly marked in latin america , the middle east and south-east and even south asia , he said .
there must be something wrong with this country , ” said nadia al husin , holding up a banner calling on the government to do more for education .
the three-day wedding of the niece of lakshmi mittal , the uk-based steel tycoon who is worth an estimated $ 16bn , was reported to have cost $ 80m .
1 race engineer a race engineer liaises between the driver and the mechanics .
bergman stated that the film would be his last , and that afterwards he would focus on directing theatre .
1 facebook has changed the definition of “ friend ” “ to friend ” is now a verb .
as a result of this colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion .
it ’ s impossible to get water beyond 90°c during flight – so choose coffee .
ripley is a town in the amber valley area of derbyshire in england .
the forests – and suburbs – of europe are echoing with the growls , howls and silent padding of large predators , according to a new study that shows that brown bears , wolves and lynx are thriving on a crowded continent .
only belgium , denmark , the netherlands and luxembourg in mainland europe – like britain – have no breeding populations of at least one large carnivore species .
larry cantwell , east hampton ’ s town supervisor and lifelong resident , says homes regularly change hands at more than $ 25m and the rapid price inflation at the top end has trickled down to even the town ’ s most modest flats .
“ that might sound like a lot but that money is crucial to me as my basic pay is only £6.50 an hour. ” conservative mp andrew percy , who has called for a change in the law that would give restaurant staff more control over tips , said he plans to raise the issue in parliament after the summer recess . ”
human rights activists in kenya estimate more than 5,000 of the 70,000-plus people detained by the british colonial authorities are still alive .
lovemore , 74 , from zimbabwe , has become one of the poorest people in his village .
the lion king 1 ½ -lrb- also known as the lion king 3 : hakuna matata in some countries -rrb- is an american direct-to-video animated film released by walt disney home entertainment on february 10 , 2004 .
fifa spokesman saint-clair milesi confirmed that only 48,000 of the 51,900 seats at the ground were filled .
it embodies unity of mind and body , thought and action , restraint and fulfilment , harmony between man and nature , a holistic approach to health and wellbeing .
equally , when a member of the team does incredibly well , they don ’ t get what they ’ ve earned .
it ’ s fantastic to see initiatives like the daily mile be established , showing real leadership from the education sector to improve children ’ s fitness levels and their cognitive behaviour , and make a real difference to schools , teachers , parents and young people ’ s lives .
“ there ’ s no demographic reason why we can ’ t have a similar return of wildlife in the uk . ”
but he said he was unaware of it , instead he was watching the chaotic drama of the 2016 presidential election .
the two byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual in that the use of images was the main issue in the dispute , rather than a by-product of wider concerns .
russians think that 31 % of their politicians are women , when it is only 14 % .
it won overwhelmingly in areas where it was expected to do well , including edinburgh , aberdeenshire and borders , but also in areas that could have gone to the yes campaign , including the western isles .
simplification by far the most common form of language reform , simplification involves spelling simplification -lrb- cf .
what i try to pass on in my work for everyone is that we can be who we want . ”
“ we need to be very careful in assessing the validity [ of the figures ] , ” said colin mathers , a senior scientist in the evidence for information and policy cluster .
along with dozens of other disputed claims to names , including “ .patagonia ” and “ .shangrila ” , the issue cuts to the heart of debates about the purpose and governance of the internet .
blood vessels and nerves enter the glands at the hilum and gradually branch out into the lobules .
obama ended the day at a dinner with the prime minister and the us ambassador , matthew barzun , at the ambassador ’ s residence , before travelling on to germany .
more importantly , he wants the scheme to give a leg-up to those most in need .
it ’ s hard to sleep if you ’ re worried about your safety or haven ’ t had enough to eat .
critics have accused the auction house of dealing in stolen property but thut insisted earlier in the week that the seller , who he described as a “ well known collector ” , was the rightful owner and that the sale was legal .
what this means in practice is that names containing letters that do not officially exist in iceland ’ s 32-letter alphabet , such as “ c ” , are out .
the post office was established on may 24 , 1897 , and took its name from koweta mission .
bogus allergy tests are convincing thousands of people to take unnecessary treatments and put themselves or their children on inadequate diets , sometimes resulting in malnutrition , a group of experts and charities has said .
cathy olkin , a mission scientist , said : “ charon just blew our socks off when we had the new image today .
the partitions were carried out by prussia , russia and habsburg austria dividing up the commonwealth lands among themselves .
“ in a diverse environment , you have the so-called 'landscape of fear ' , where herbivores no longer spend all day grazing on the tender riverside grass .
sales in the us have been modest .
facebook reported ad revenue was up 46 % , reaching $ 3.32bn .
and we know in our hearts that for the united states of america the best is yet to come. ” in a speech that lasted more than 25 minutes , after paying emotional tribute to his wife , michelle , and his daughters , malia and sasha – as well as to his vice-president , joe biden – obama returned to the message that first brought him to national attention .
“ in solving this issue , we would actually raise the performance of organizations and the well-being of individuals at work .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
the result for the first half of 2014 is an outcome of our ability to develop , launch and distribute lego products , which children all over the world put at the top of their wishlists. ” lego , based in the small town of billund , started producing its plastic bricks in 1949 and became a staple children ’ s toy around the world by the 1970s .
more difficult still could be navigating the legal permissions to copy and store software before it dies .
the third is pro-poorest economic growth policies to ensure that the benefits of increasing national prosperity reach the very poorest people .
a change to this law had been considered until princess kiko gave birth to a son .
“ i think we ’ ll see it happen gradually , just like dna analysis gradually replaced blood group analysis , ” he said .
the local stream has become contaminated with human waste and does not provide enough water for a place that , in high season , is bursting at the seams .
we asked ﬁve people doing some unusual jobs how much they are paid , what the worst parts are and why they enjoy their work .
to make space for more agricultural land , large areas of forest were cut down , taking away its habitat .
it is understood that her remarks will focus on reconciliation .
the celebrations for his 80th birthday , in 2005 , included an award-winning album of collaborations with clapton , mark knopfler , roger daltrey , gloria estefan and others , tributes from musicians as diverse as bono , amadou bagayoko and elton john , and a “ farewell tour ” that proved not to be a farewell at all .
what they had created using satellite images was fairly accurate , although the rapid pace of the town ’ s growth , which has been fuelled by a mining boom , meant they were missing one road that had been created in the past year , said arif sayani , the town ’ s director of planning .
suitably , the only voice in baumgartner ’ s radio earpiece guiding his ascent was that of kittinger , now 84 .
“ eels are beautiful creatures and working with eels doesn ’ t just bene ﬁ t the eel : it helps whole river systems , estuaries and coastal habitats .
“ a rice-growing co-op in sierra leone asked us if we could do this on our property so that they can feed their workers and we have had interest from nigeria and central america , ” said sheehy .
the police had claimed this was done only to remove “ conjecture ” and “ opinion ” from the statements , but the panel had no doubt the operation , to craft a case rather than deliver truthful police accounts , went further .
who had the most respect ?
we need more for tourists to do in the evening – we don ’ t even have one cinema in this city and there isn ’ t enough for tourists to do after dark , ” he said .
role-play and fan participation show no sign of slowing : in the uk , event-cinema brand secret cinema have found considerable commercial success with their live staging of the empire strikes back .
“ i could have said , 'oh , i misspoke ' , but i am not big on that , ” trump told the crowd in south carolina .
she faces the dilemma shared by her peers in companies across japan : never to take time off to recharge or to risk inviting criticism for appearing to leave more committed colleagues in the lurch .
“ the fall of the berlin wall helped define vienna as the hub for companies wanting to do business in central europe. ” according to the world bank , austria has one of the highest figures for gdp per head in the world , just behind the us and ahead of germany and britain , although quite some way below neighbouring switzerland .
housing antisocial tenants in these units , which have showers and kitchens and have been used as student accommodation , will ensure that they are not “ rewarded ” by being relocated to better accommodation .
rob yarrell , national manager of the national aquarium of new zealand in napier , said : “ octopuses are famous escape artists .
on an average day its outlets are a hive of social activity , hosting everything from business meetings to reading groups looking for that all-important morning caffeine rush .
but the ruling refers only to the 14 pictures that have already been published .
the habitable zone -lrb- hz -rrb- in astronomy is a region of space where stellar conditions are favorable for life as it is found on earth .
“ we ’ ve done the construction and , now , we will see how these projects look when they start , ” she says .
india ’ s super-rich have long raised eyebrows around the world with their spectacular spending .
“ we ’ ve witnessed again and again what happens to the world ’ s poor – the majority of whom depend on agriculture for their livelihoods and already suffer from water scarcity – when they are at the mercy of our fragile global food system , ” said dr colin chartres , the director general .
since then , the medal has been awarded 1,356 times to 1,353 individual recipients .
she was less successful in fending off the centralizing ambitions of the “ belgian empire ” , her description of the european commission , especially in the years when it was headed by the french socialist jacques delors .
these are products that have helped countless people stop smoking more harmful cigarettes and yet some meps wanted to make them harder to manufacture than ordinary tobacco. ” katherine devlin , president of ecita , the e-cigarette industry association , said “ the really important ” decision by meps not to support medicines regulation meant that was now off the table .
he was a great unifier , ” de klerk said .
he sees quinoa ’ s popularity as a cautionary tale of how export opportunities can be a mixed blessing for poor countries .
in 2013 , he announced the team had signed messi .
1268 - king stephen v of hungary launches a war against bulgaria .
in this respect , there is a striking parallel between the qing / koxinga situation and the current prc / roc situation .
cool is reflecting on a startling sequence of climbs completed over the course of the previous weekend .
mention the words 'stop and search ' around here and you immediately have a room full of angry young men. ” nearly 80 % of young smartphone owners regularly use a social networking application , says the research firm enders analysis , but two-thirds use more than one .
before the dominance of recorded music , concerts would be the only opportunity one would generally have to hear musicians play .
professor sir richard jolly , creator of the human development index , said : “ this groundbreaking index broadens the way we understand the needs and opportunities of older people through its pioneering application of human development methodology .
it was the fresh air mingled with the charred , “ kind of sweet ” smell of a spacecraft that had survived re-entry through the atmosphere .
an overwhelming majority of 91 % post a photo of themselves , 71 % post the city or town where they live , up from 61 % , more than half give email addresses and a fifth give their phone number .
eleven departments and institutes focused on " stimulating global evangelism " with 25-40 staff , carry out the work .
armand jean du plessis de richelieu , cardinal-duc de richelieu -lrb- 9 september 1585 – 4 december 1642 -rrb- , was a french clergyman , noble , and statesman .
it doesn ’ t necessarily mean we see them the same way .
on september 17 , 2004 , whedon announced on the movie 's official website that shooting had been completed .
hideo shiogama and tomoo ogura , at japan ’ s national institute for environmental studies , said the explanation of how fewer clouds form as the world warms was “ convincing ” and agreed this indicated future climate change would be greater than expected .
the electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible frequencies of electromagnetic radiation .
it could spell the end of rush hour as people stagger their work and school-run times .
the success of the mission , and of the suit , raises the prospect that astronauts might be able to survive a high altitude disaster of the type that struck the space shuttle columbia in 2003 by actually bailing out of their craft .
at a recent conference , he said , a disaster relief drone firm , skycatch , demonstrated a robot that could autonomously take off and , when it got tired , land on its own charging station .
the shop ’ s success is no exception , says fatuma ndangiza , deputy chief executive of the rwanda governance board .
mobile usage represented nearly a quarter of facebook ’ s advertising income at the end of 2012 , and the network had 680m mobile users a month in december .
he has completed his series of books and most of his projects are off the ground .
the season was officially canceled on february 16 , 2005 due to an unresolved lockout that began on september 16 , 2004 .
the researchers found marine bacteria at south ferry , a station that flooded during hurricane sandy – but they were surprised to note the species included some normally associated with antarctica and fish .
campaigners have also started an online petition in the hope that restaurant-goers will back their demands .
professor steven sherwood , at the university of new south wales in australia , who led the new work , said : “ this study breaks new ground twice : ﬁrst , by identifying what is controlling the cloud changes and , second , by strongly discounting the lowest estimates of future global warming in favour of the higher and more damaging estimates. ” “ 4c would likely be catastrophic rather than simply dangerous , ” sherwood said .
the songs are written by many different famous composer in hong kong , such as paul wong and eric kwok .
that is now thought unlikely by scientists , but average land and sea temperatures are expected to continue rising throughout this century , possibly reaching 4°c above present levels – enough to devastate crops and make life in many cities unbearably hot .
in the same week , €1.3m in €500 notes was found stuffed in the false bottom of suitcase .
the device can take in enough air for two minutes of diving and takes approximately the same amount of time to be refilled .
“ i had been living a dual life .
regarding his decision , ferguson said : “ the decision to retire is one that i have thought a great deal about and one that i have not taken lightly .
one foam-rubber process has been coined as foamation by will vinton .
in world war ii , the battle of france , also known as the fall of france , was the german invasion of france and the low countries , executed from 10 may 1940 , which ended the phoney war .
hartmann died from an aneurysm in 1873 .
one clue is in the stunning helicopter rescue performed by simone moro , steck ’ s climbing partner , whose intemperate language provoked the confrontation at camp 2 .
in the days after the chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 , the german particle physicist gerhard knies calculated that the world ’ s deserts receive enough energy in a few hours to provide for humanity ’ s power needs for a whole year .
i think of her as a little sister but that will be it .
the parlement law courts of ancien régime france are established .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
the city 's inca architecture , however , withstood the earthquake .
8 you can ’ t cure jet lag the world is divided into time zones .
robert leroy johnson -lrb- may 8 , 1911 – august 16 , 1938 -rrb- was an american blues musician , among the most famous of delta blues musicians .
“ they will have been thinking about it for a while already , ” said polly arnold , professor of chemistry at edinburgh university .
it is believed by christians to have been written by human authors under the inspiration of the holy spirit , and therefore for many it is held to be the inerrant word of god .
“ we make a soup or curry … but instead of using beef , we use reindeer. ” in iqaluit , as the muslim community prepares to mark the end of ramadan , some reflect that 2016 ’ s timing – stretching across some of the longest days of the year – has made it one of the more challenging of recent years .
soon after , he released a cover version of leo sayer 's when i need you as a single , which reached number 5 in the british charts , as well as a follow up single called no matter what i do , which reached number 23 .
in soweto , people gathered to sing and dance near the house where he once lived .
“ people present an idealized version of themselves online and we expect to have social lives like those portrayed in the media , ” says challis .
stegosaurian teeth were small , triangular and flat wear facets show that they did grind their food .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
pedro involves the title character , a small airplane from chile , engaging in his very first flight to pick up air mail from mendoza , with near disastrous results .
males can weigh more than 20 kg and attain a head-body length of 90 cm .
“ being part of the subsequent public debate over the ethics and morality of future missions has been one of the most interesting and enjoyable aspects of my candidacy with mars one .
13 needle in a haystack with modern technology , it seems strange that malaysian flight mh370 could disappear without a trace – yet , finding a missing aircraft is a needle- in-a-haystack problem .
the left side derives from the former coat of arms of the district lüdinghausen , while the right side comes from the old district coesfeld .
while many around the country contributed financially , the survey found that 20 % were paying nothing at all .
in all , the researchers gathered metadata on more than 250,000 calls and over 1.2m texts .
and , that ’ s an important step towards improving road safety and transforming mobility for millions of people. ” so far , the google versions of the self-driving cars have covered 700,000 miles without an accident caused by the computer .
industries where employers were most likely to report at least one person on a zero-hours contract were hotels , catering and leisure ( 48 % ) , education ( 35 % ) and healthcare ( 27 % ) .
the author -lrb- s -rrb- and publisher -lrb- s -rrb- of the document do not by this license give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or imply endorsement of any modified version .
“ those of us in the aircraft business have to remind ourselves that the operator doesn ’ t really care about every little thing about the aircraft and wants instead to focus on the end result , ” he said .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
on sunday , august 28 , canadian national railway -lrb- cn -rrb- suspended all rail traffic on its lines south of mccomb , mississippi -lrb- lines owned by its subsidiary illinois central railroad that extend into new orleans -rrb- , in anticipation of damage from the hurricane .
we ’ ve lost a great leader , a great prime minister and a great briton. ” he added : “ as our first woman prime minister , margaret thatcher succeeded against all the odds , and the real thing about margaret thatcher is that she didn ’ t just lead our country , she saved our country , and i believe she will go down as the greatest british peacetime prime minister. ” in a statement , president barack obama said , “ here in america , many of us will never forget her standing shoulder to shoulder with president reagan , reminding the world that we are not simply carried along by the currents of history – we can shape them with moral conviction , unyielding courage and iron will. ” the first woman elected to lead a major western state , lady thatcher , as she became after the longest premiership since 1827 , served 11 unbroken years at no 10 downing street .
he tossed jörmungandr into the great ocean that encircles midgard .
in 1828 , coenraad johannes van houten developed the first cocoa powder producing machine in the netherlands .
the sum of €1m in €500 notes fits easily into a small laptop bag , where the same amount in €50 notes would require a small suitcase .
“ money is once again being put before urban laws and european environmental directives , ” said raúl romeva , a member of the european parliament who is vice-president of the greens group .
the first mayor of gaborone was reverend derek jones .
it read : “ please do not watch the show through a screen on your smart device/camera .
however , the mineralogy of the x-type asteroids is not known well enough to constrain this further .
qualifications : a private-helicopter-pilot licence , a commercial pilot ’ s licence and around 2,000 hours of experience flying at low levels in the type of helicopter the company usually uses .
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2003 , receiving the temporary designation .
the foundations of quantum mechanics were established during the first half of the twentieth century by werner heisenberg , max planck , louis de broglie , albert einstein , niels bohr , erwin schrödinger , max born , john von neumann , paul dirac , wolfgang pauli , david hilbert , and others .
up to a billion people will remain in extreme poverty by 2030 unless countries focus on inequalities and confront social , economic and cultural forces that block their escape or pull them back into impoverishment , a major report warns .
recuperating for months in a wheelchair , she continued singing to help pay her medical bills .
scans of children with autistic spectrum disorder showed that a single dose of the chemical improved brain responses to facial expressions , a shift that could make social interactions feel more natural and rewarding for them .
“ but if it continues like this , with the same momentum , maybe , after ten years , we ’ ll have globally significant results . ”
the institute ’ s figures also suggest that 17 % of employers in the private sector made use of zero- hours contracts , considerably lower than the 34 % of organizations in the voluntary sector and 24 % in the public sector .
i think what most english people want is a fair settlement , ” he said .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
the book chronicles events which take place in the fictional space colony of windhaven .
toppings include fresh fruit , honey , chocolate chips and granola .
“ the trouble is that spain does not have the public resources it possessed 16 years ago .
“ the people in spain who believe that banks don ’ t work , they think that i don ’ t owe anything .
the company has since launched a nationwide marketing campaign to combat animal rights activists claims that , among other things , captive orcas die at a younger age than their wild counterparts .
“ over the past year and a half – especially in the past few months – i have been receiving young people , almost every day , who are despairing about their search for work .
“ we know that natural sounds are very important to people .
yet that result raises the risk of further turmoil , with mps from cameron ’ s conservative party threatening to revolt against the prime minister ’ s late and potentially vital promise to quickly increase the scottish parliament ’ s powers while protecting its spending .
apart from these three animals , there are only two other northern white rhinos in the world , both in zoos , both female .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
you can see it ’ s not easy for her .
we are working to block the child labour flow . ”
alongside that , axani is also in talks to spin his story into a television show or film , although he would not comment on what form those productions might take .
the main reason ?
he appeared in the german movie christiane f ( 1981 ) and wrote music for the soundtrack .
scruffy , machine-gun toting militiamen mill around the square , often used for televised pro-regime rallies with civil servants bussed in en masse to chant slogans under giant banners of president bashar al-assad .
but , instead of this being the counter-revolutionary , or post-revolutionary , move of a free-market rebel , kcho may have been selected as the acceptable face of a regime acquiescing to the inevitable lure of the internet .
the force said on its twitter feed : “ keep calm , people ! ” south wales police also reported receiving a number of calls from staff at tesco stores after they became “ concerned due to the volume of people who had turned up to sale events ” .
this marked the beginning of the line of contact between soviet and american forces , but not the finalized occupation zones .
the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers ( icann ) – a us-based non-profit organization that plays a key role in cyberspace governance – has received bids ( each reportedly worth almost $ 200,000 ) for hundreds of new gtlds to add to the existing 22 .
“ they might need a guy like me someday , ” he said .
however , some performances connected to the festival take place before and after the official dates .
we see a bow because the earth gets in the way , but , from a plane , a rainbow is a complete circle .
ubiquitous hard hats , safety shoes and ear plugs give the scene an air of theatrical camp .
katy perry ’ s prism was the best-selling album by a female artist , in sixth place behind eminem , justin timberlake , bruno mars and daft punk .
enterobacteria , organisms usually found in the gut , had also acquired vancomycin resistance .
and , unlike in real life , when the ending of a friendship can be deeply traumatic , it is easy to “ unfriend ” , a word invented to describe ditching a casual acquaintance when they are no longer enhancing your facebook newsfeed .
and , should they fail to find prey as effectively , they will need to use up their stores of excess blubber .
but then , this is inky and he ’ s always been a bit of a surprise octopus. ” reiss jenkinson , exhibits keeper at the national aquarium , said he was absolutely certain inky had not been taken .
“ in my opinion , it ’ s just a publicity stunt to get people talking about the club and she won ’ t last the season .
major road projects – requiring wildlife impact studies – began after poland joined the european union in 2004 .
chitwan national park in central nepal has the highest number of adult tigers , with 120 , followed by bardiya national park ( 50 ) and shukla phanta wildlife reserve ( 17 ) .
storm names 2006 storm names alberto helene beryl isaac chris debby ernesto florence gordon the names listed were used for named storms formed in the north atlantic during 2006 .
nessler an early alternative method for curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in 1905 by german hairdresser charles nessler -lrb- 1872 – 1951 -rrb- .
yet it exists on a knife-edge , a point illustrated dramatically in 1998 when almost two billion gallons of contaminated , highly acidic water , mixed with waste metals , poured into the park from a dam that had burst its bank at los frailes mine 45km to the north .
success has helped the movement become self- sufficient .
“ we knew the books would be beautiful but we didn ’ t realize it would be such a phenomenal success. ” and it is not just basford who is reaping the benefits of the hordes of adults who , it turns out , just wanted something to colour in .
these categories were given increased weighting because of better data quality and countries were included only if there was sufficient data .
“ in the last three years , we have seen that change and we think that ’ s down to tablets. ” britain is embracing internet-enabled devices across the generations , to the extent that the balance between sleep and screen-based activities has now tipped .
the crater is still visible , marked by an enormous patch of fresh asphalt on the main road going north .
the rise of gaming has its own place in the story of digital culture but cerf warns that important political and historical documents will also be lost to bit rot .
her strong endorsement of the domestic phone records collection indicates that the powerful senate democrat is not yet prepared to expand the criticism of the nsa that she has launched , “ totally opposing ” its surveillance of foreign allied leaders – a more traditional intelligence activity than bulk phone metadata surveillance .
the effect is also termed the hertz effect , the american journal of science .
nevertheless , the bond brand has remained immensely powerful over the decades , with eon being forced to fend off attempts by rival outfits to capitalize on the series ’ s popularity .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
perhaps it is premature to speak of “ the last of the bluesmen ” but it is hard to imagine any future blues artist matching king ’ s influence over musicians by the thousand and audiences by the million in a career spanning 65 years .
the site was originally focused on the film business and launched at the sundance film festival that year .
sanders said he was not persuaded by the new work .
this has made it more attractive , even in europe where coal use was supposed to be discouraged by the emissions trading scheme .
they were each paid £7.50 for their participation in the 70-minute experiment , involving two tests .
junior smart knows a lot about gangs .
according to a recent study from the ucla ’ s institute of transportation studies , vehicle travel has declined among millennials – individuals born roughly between the early 1980s and early 2000s – compared to previous generations .
a pestilence is any virulent and highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
a 25 % cut in water consumption has been implemented but this is unlikely to stabilize the resort , which is surrounded by sand and dust .
for the next four years , researchers surveyed 165 of america ’ s richest households – 120 of those households have at least $ 25m in assets .
their minds wandered even with nothing to distract them .
“ oh yes , definitely . ”
noise emanating from passing ships may disturb animals such as killer whales and dolphins far more than previously thought , with new research showing that the animals ’ communication and ability to find prey could be hampered by the underwater din .
the controversy was prompted by the publication of then-and-now photographs that show a dramatic lightening of anitta ’ s skin tone since she signed a deal with warner .
adults in the uk now eat an average of 75g of pizza every week compared with none in 1974 , while the consumption of pasta has almost tripled over the same period .
“ we ’ ve been surprised by what we ’ ve learned from objects that have been preserved purely by chance that give us insights into an earlier civilization , ” he said .
unite began the campaign following a survey of its pizzaexpress members after the chain was sold to a chinese private equity firm , hony capital , in 2014 .
conventional wisdom has it that malaria kills mostly children under five .
a storm of swords is the third of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire , an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin .
a similar disclosure had occurred earlier with rc4 .
“ these incidents have surfaced one after the other and this inappropriate labelling has resulted in the loss of trust among consumers , ” he told reporters .
thavis agreed : “ what i find particularly courageous is that he is prepared to say now , when he is not sick , that he is going ; and that he ’ s doing it because he ’ s tired and not because he ’ s particularly ill. ” but is that the whole story ?
in 1187 , saladin defeated the armies of the crusades at the battle of hattin , largely because he was able to cut the crusaders off from the valuable fresh water of the sea of galilee .
city authorities around the world are now turning to solar-powered “ trash compactors ” to keep litter off the streets .
“ the security situation is already bad .
copies of closer magazine were doing brisk business on online auction site ebay , with one selling for £31.01 , until the site removed all listings following “ strong feedback ” from its community .
at least , that ’ s what most lottery millionaires do , according to an analysis of spending and investment by jackpot winners .
the shakespeare birthplace trust describes new place as “ the jewel in the crown of the 400th anniversary celebrations ” but , in truth , it is more of a gaping hole where the gem should be .
he traveled over 200,000 miles , an incredible achievement for pre-aviation times .
there is a young guy asking me for advice because he wants to break my record. ” he said the most exciting moment for him had been when he was standing outside the capsule “ on top of the world ” .
we consider ten of the wackier solutions to making our cities more livable .
liz mair , a republican strategist organizing an anti- trump fundraising committee , worries that many of the comments seen as gaffes by the liberal media are , in fact , carefully designed to boost his standing with his core constituency .
they respect the staff and you often see people making a career out of waiting and the experience shows .
there are also classes in english , art and t ’ ai chi but the biggest draw is the french lessons , provided by volunteers from calais and beyond .
it is particularly famous for the cultivation of kiwifruit .
“ they ’ re not proposing to deliver from one uninhabited place to another uninhabited place ; they ’ re proposing to deliver from a warehouse to where the consumer is , which is likely an urban area or a suburban area , ” he said .
“ he ’ s a climber in a class all his own .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the card for the event featured two main events .
is facebook going to go the way of myspace ?
gifts to family and friends accounted for £1.17bn , and £680m was spent on cars and holidays .
“ we want everyone to be who he and she is – whether they are gay and lesbian or stand up to violence and are then victims of harassment .
exerting himself at high altitude has left his voice a throaty growl .
to laughter , he added : “ the most beautiful moment was when i was standing on the landing area and mike todd [ the life support engineer who dressed baumgartner in his suit ] showed up and he had a smile on his face like a little kid. ” baumgartner said that he had come to feel like todd ’ s son , adding : “ he was so happy that i was alive. ” earlier , todd had told the press conference : “ the world needs a hero right now , and they got one in felix baumgartner. ” to further laughter at the press conference , kittinger said : “ i would like to give a special one-fingered salute to all the folk who said that he [ baumgartner ] was going to come apart when he went supersonic. ” this will be the last jump , baumgartner said .
that in itself is justification for the enormous project that the institute of health metrics and evaluation ( ihme ) in seattle has led over the past five years , involving nearly 500 researchers , to assess the global burden of disease .
in 1252 documents refer directly to vaihingen as a town , established by count gottfried von vaihingen .
it is most commonly used in cooking and pottery .
but he says the project ’ s ultimate impact will go far wider – even as far as the middle east .
the wolf in bottom stands for the former administrative seat pritzwalk , as walk derives from the slavonic wolk meaning wolf .
in reality angle announced that he would be having neck surgery in may and would be out of action until august .
once you have started drilling for oil , there ’ s no turning back , ” he said .
1. who are the 'chronically poor ' ?
typically , pilots must fly beside the power line , sometimes as little as 20 feet away and just 30 feet off the ground .
packagekit was created by richard hughes .
for that year the festival was moved to other local venues but by the following year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the queen , this time at the start of the 1970 festival .
richard scrivener , a former assistant strength and conditioning coach at northampton saints rugby club , says that while the benefits are clear , tabatas are an addition , not a replacement , to a favoured sport or training method .
the baby weighs 8lbs 6oz .
in the 1920s and early 1930s he frequently worked with the london symphony orchestra .
la premiere chose qu ’ on regarde ( the first thing we look at ) by grégoire delacourt tells the story of a french model who looks so similar to the american actor that the book ’ s lead male character thinks it is johansson herself .
the british rail class 91 is a class of 140 mph -lrb- 225 km / h -rrb- , 4.54mw / 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered as a component of the east coast main line modernisation and electrification programme of the late 1980s .
we have another octopus , blotchy , but he is smaller than inky and inky had the personality. ” the aquarium has no plans to step up security as a result of the escape as inky was a “ one- off ” but the staff are “ increasingly aware of what octopuses can actually do ” .
he doesn ’ t want to be identified for fear of reprisals .
in the past three decades , the city has sunk roughly four metres , rendering its 40-year-old seawall ever less effective .
they got involved in criminality .
most crucial , said chapron , has been the eu habitats directive , which has compelled member states to protect and revive rare species .
spring 2013 will see a drive towards removing the yuck factor and putting insects not just on experimental gastronomic menus but also on supermarket shelves .
one of the areas in valdevaqueros is home to two species of bat whose survival is threatened .
human flight is the final proof of a city ’ s disintegration .
of jewish heritage , he changed his surname to his paternal grandmother 's maiden name , waley , in 1914 .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
on december 19 , 2006 , a large white plume of condensing steam was observed , leading some media people to assume there had been a small eruption .
but , this time , it ’ s not just the “ big , cuddly mammals ” we have to worry about losing but the smaller , less visible creatures upon which we depend – insects , creepy- crawlies and even worms .
the picturesque city remains an important cultural centre , especially for humanist disciplines .
there ’ s debate about how many electric bikes are sold in the us and there is no official count .
pretoria previously had a rather sinister image as " the capital of apartheid south africa " .
most paranthropus species seem almost certainly not to have used language nor to have controlled fire , although they are directly associated with the latter at swartkrans , south africa .
“ we realize we have much work ahead of us to recover more of our attendance base , increase revenue and improve our performance , as returning to historical performance levels will take time and investment , ” manby said .
among 6- to 7-year-olds , who have grown up with youtube , spotify music streaming and online television , the average dq score was 98 , higher than for those aged between 45 and 49 , who scored an average of 96 .
the highest ranking city in the us is san francisco , at 28th ; boston is 34th .
he reigned from 1804 to 1824 .
although criminals would switch to smaller- denomination bills , or gold or diamonds , these substitutes are bulkier and more traceable , making it more likely they will get caught , he said .
“ we advertised 20 of these positions , ” he said .
only 1.8 % of children are regular users , the ash study found .
facebook hasn ’ t changed that yet , he believes , but , in an interview with the new yorker , dunbar said he feared it was so easy simply to end friendships on facebook that , eventually , there may no longer be any need to learn to get along .
but , while one of the women wants to correct the error and reclaim her biological child , the other is refusing to give back the girl she has raised as her own , posing a huge legal dilemma .
minimizing mistakes is the aim .
the other featured match was between wwe champion rob van dam defending the title against edge in a singles match .
but , if needs be , it is an ideal for which i am prepared to die. ” he escaped the death penalty but was sentenced to life in prison , a huge blow to the anc , which had to regroup to continue the struggle .
[ these ] techniques could increase yields up to 300 % and add tens of billions of us dollars to household revenues across sub-saharan africa and south asia . ”
the socratic method -lrb- or method of elenchus or socratic debate -rrb- , named after the classical greek philosopher socrates , is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate rational thinking and to illuminate ideas .
“ i live in a 100sq-metre turn-of-the-century apartment in a good area about 20 minutes ’ walk from the city centre .
the album topped charts in britain and around the world .
more than a million embark on a tour of historic buildings each year , spending in excess of £1bn .
several hours after the conclusion of the auction , the auction house issued a brief statement claiming it had persuaded the owners of the two banksys to pull them from the sale .
but the $ 9bn project to make her country ’ s deserts boom was triggered by more immediate concerns , she said .
hydra appears to be spectrally neutral like charon and nix , though pluto is reddish .
their hot discussion topic is whether to reintroduce wolves to the british isles for the first time since the 18th century .
surprisingly , the trick seems to lie not in fooling the body ’ s usual sensors for low oxygen or high carbon dioxide levels in the blood but in fooling the diaphragm .
in 2007 , lessing won the nobel prize in literature .
“ if you feel ok afterwards you ’ ve not done it properly .
bob savage , a medieval arms expert from the royal armouries who helped identify the wounds , said it was probably not a war weapon but the sort of sharp knife or dagger any workman might have carried .
we have this lovely idea about dolphins and have faith in them – who would think a dolphin would ever attack a person ?
following the release of the documentary , attendance collapsed , the company lost more than half of its market value on wall street and its former ceo was forced out .
as labour sources announced the party would suspend campaigning in local elections as a mark of respect , its leader , ed miliband , said : “ she will be remembered as a unique figure .
“ i ’ m typically given between £5 and £20 to spend at each store , to assess the service i receive at the till , ” says laura , a 50-year-old mystery shopper from devon , who has been paid to visit around 7,000 shops since 2001 .
“ the legislative process is still not complete and there will be further negotiation .
never being able to trust your friendships with people of different means , i think that is difficult , ” said cockrell .
“ they were dead ! ” he chuckles as he recalls the first time he inflicted the system that bears his name on his university students in the early 1990s .
the last time a relationship of hers ended and she was online , it was not pleasant .
the daily water use in rancho mirage is more than 200 gallons per person , which is giving rise to a man-made drought .
the issue had divided the country , the government , and even bowell 's own cabinet .
“ we have the enduring problem of not having enough organs for people who need them , ” said drakeford .
“ figures show smoking levels in england are at their lowest since records began – 19.5 per cent – but we are determined to further reduce rates of smoking and believe this important step will help. ” the uk e-cigarette industry , which broadly welcomed the parliament ’ s vote , said it was already in talks with the advertising standards authority , but added that it would not be “ sensible , proportionate , reasonable or useful ” to ban all advertising .
the guardian has verified the authenticity of the document , a 41-slide powerpoint presentation – classified as top secret with no distribution to foreign allies – which was apparently used to train intelligence operatives on the capabilities of the program .
and , experts say , young greeks marginalized by record rates of unemployment – at 64 % greece has the highest youth unemployment in the eu – are leading the way .
and demand continues to grow .
i ’ ve always been like that .
“ i need to tell people in the uk , they think that everyone wants to go there .
isbn 1559390506 isbn 978-1559390507 blackman , sushila -lrb- compiled and edited -rrb- -lrb- 1997 -rrb- .
during the course of their attempts to have the claims struck out – efforts that the claimants ’ lawyer , martyn day , described as “ morally repugnant ” – the british government ’ s lawyers accepted that all three of the elderly kenyans were tortured by the colonial authorities .
she did a computer course when she was 88 and tried to get online , but it didn ’ t work out .
the environmental supervision agency , oefa , says that three poorer neighbourhoods , despite having only 12 % of lima ’ s population , have by far the most fly-tipped rubbish : villa maria del triunfo ( 39.4 % ) , villa el salvador ( 25.3 % ) and el agustino ( 18.3 % ) .
having got the number wrong , i was put through to an extension elsewhere in the building and the identity of the person who took my call was unmistakable : i chatted for 15 minutes to the gunman .
“ danes have no problem having children before marriage so things can move fast and , because the country ’ s so small , a jutlander can date a copenhagener without too much travel , ” limal said .
the administration of the port is carried out by the karachi port trust which was established in the nineteenth century .
from glow-in-the-dark trees to underground bike sheds and solar-powered bins , we look at some of the more leftfield solutions to help make our cities more livable .
it has been suggested that vättern is the largest body of potable water in the world .
he pointed to the fact that between 23 and 36 % of all birds , mammals and amphibians used for food or medicine are now threatened with extinction .
many of the volunteers at the jungle school are local teachers who are giving up their summer holidays .
in contrast , apple comes across as a benevolent uncle .
in biology and demography , fecundity is the potential reproductive capacity of an organism or population , measured by the number of gametes -lrb- eggs -rrb- , seed set or asexual propagules .
human beings – we always kill the things we love .
the term implies domination or humiliation of a rival , naone , erica -lrb- november 2008 -rrb- .
but , they also note that no long-term studies showing health benefits from a broad organic diet have yet been conducted .
a spokesperson for pizzaexpress said that its admin charge was to cover the cost of running a “ tronc ” – a standard pay arrangement used to distribute tips among staff .
the owner of the property can do whatever they want with it , ” keszler said .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
following his success with star trek , he supplemented his income and showed continued support for his fans by making numerous public appearances .
one weekend they concocted the recipe and the next they brewed 1,600 litres .
but there ’ s no such thing as a free lunch , even if you work for a mystery dining company .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
the second banksy due to be auctioned , a 2007 artwork entitled wet dog that was removed from a bethlehem wall and is estimated to be worth up to $ 800,000 , disappeared from the auction house ’ s online catalogue at lunchtime on saturday , but slave labour was still listed for sale right up to the 3pm start time .
what if i was doing other things with these seconds ?
he writes : “ these points are mars one ’ s supporter points which 'represent the degree of your support to mars one ’ s mission'. ” these points play no role in the selection process and serve only to show how much each supporter has donated to mars one. ” the official timeline for the mission says the group plans to dispatch a stationary lander and satellite to mars in 2018 , followed by a rover in 2020 and cargo missions starting in 2022 .
the park , africa ’ s oldest and most diverse , is home to over 3,000 different kinds of animals , but is now heavily populated with desperately poor people , many of whom fled there after the rwanda massacre in 1994 .
moorland or moor is a type of habitat found in upland areas , characterised by low growing vegetation on acidic soils .
“ the big difference between kris and us is that we are happy to allow people who are still taking addiction medications to join us , ” he says .
records indicate that they began in 776 bc in olympia , greece .
in february 2013 , facing up to eight years in prison , he decided to flee rather than stand trial .
watonga , kingfisher and geary were the hardest-hit communities , where many houses and buildings were inundated .
of course , not everyone wants to get closer to the man in the futuristic headset , i point out .
another factory owner , who declined to be named , said that once a factory closed its doors , even for a few months , it would lose orders and close permanently : “ there is no such thing as temporary closure , ” he said .
the government prosecutor said gao ’ s illegal business was so big it was damaging the competitiveness of spain .
shakespeare ’ s house was demolished 300 years ago and the house that replaced it , probably incorporating some of the original fabric , was flattened in 1759 by an irascible clergyman , francis gastrell , in a row over taxes .
that was the sheer extent of disability and the toll it took on people who were living longer but not healthier lives .
ultimately , festival organizers hope to make glastonbury the world ’ s greenest greenfield festival , emulating america ’ s burning man festival in the black rock desert of nevada , which is a “ leave-no-trace ” event , where people have to take away all that they bring .
it will not be possible to get to zero unless development policies prioritize those living in chronic poverty , it adds .
in india , it is more often called the chaldean syrian church .
in syntax , a verb is a word -lrb- part of speech -rrb- that usually denotes an action -lrb- bring , read -rrb- , an occurrence -lrb- decompose , glitter -rrb- , or a state of being -lrb- exist , stand -rrb- .
negotiations are also under way with a number of other states .
free lossless audio codec -lrb- flac -rrb- is a file format for lossless audio data compression .
i just wanted something , ” she said .
navigation is using the philosophies of being a leader to show your crew members the light of life. ” it has been a whirlwind week for the crews of the flotilla of four sailing canoes since arriving in sydney for the start of the world parks congress .
australian cities also perform very highly in the survey , with sydney 10th and melbourne 15th .
in an article for the journal frontiers in psychology , academics described a new phenomenon , the emergence of the “ facebook self ” .
early on saturday morning , he reached the summit of nuptse , the first and lowest of the three main summits in the everest “ horseshoe ” that surrounds the glaciated valley called the western cwm .
it ’ s where you come to connect globally. ” the hardware will be made in japan , while he is putting together a team of software engineers in the us to develop its applications .
when these are not equipped with special “ scrubbing ” equipment to remove chemicals , coal can also produce sulphur emissions – the leading cause of acid rain – and other pollutants such as mercury and soot particles .
he was nominated a cardinal priest , of the title of santa maria nuova , on 18 february 1946 .
the us president said : “ through his fierce dignity and unbending will to sacrifice his own freedom for the freedom of others , madiba transformed south africa – and moved all of us .
meanwhile , 795 million people suffer from severe hunger and malnutrition .
the research is certain to be criticized : the inclusion of so many studies in the analysis could mean poor-quality work skews the results , although the team did “ sensitivity analyses ” and found that excluding weaker work did not significantly change the outcome .
the bestselling title on amazon in the us is not harper lee ’ s hugely anticipated second novel , go set a watchman , nor george rr martin ’ s song of ice and fire fantasy series , nor even zoella ’ s much-mocked but much-bought young adult hit , girl online .
1849 a battle between german and danish forces took place near the town on april 23 1849 during the first war of schleswig .
the research indicates that fewer clouds form as the planet warms , meaning less sunlight is reﬂected back into space , driving temperatures up further still .
the vatican will just as predictably dismiss such notions with contempt .
it was at this time that she allegedly discovered the hiding place of three crosses used at the crucifixion of jesus and the two thieves — dismas and gestas — who were executed with him .
next door , a saudi princess spent £35m on a new house and i ’ ve never seen her .
“ we ’ re on the cusp of mainstream adoption , ” pizzi said .
“ they really want to show or talk about their wealth in a really subtle way and consumption of luxury goods is a nice way to do it , ” balaraman said .
6 private butler typical salary : £60,000 to £90,000 the job : a private butler can be called on by his or her employer to do anything from wardrobe management to chauffeuring and pet care .
similarly , in australia , some of victoria ’ s resorts and several melbourne suburbs have been placed on a list of the state ’ s 52 most vulnerable bushfire spots because long-term droughts are making trees highly combustible .
tua ’ s journey began at the cook islands on 25 september .
appearing for the first time before the media since taking the role in september 2015 , when blatter was suspended , hayatou responded in a similar way to his predecessors in improbably claiming the current crisis was down to a handful of errant individuals .
in 2014 , 1,215 rhinos were slaughtered for their horns in south africa .
instead of having this expansive experience of all the sounds around you , you are aware of only a small area around you , ” he said .
cash mules have been known to fold the notes into plastic pellets and swallow them .
the senate too remained little changed , with the democrats retaining their slim majority , gaining three and losing one .
scientists have also lowered projections of sea-level rises .
nevertheless , the raja has equal status with the other rulers and is one of the electors who designate one of their number as the yang di-pertuan agong every five years .
sayani , 32 , said the town would be able to use the maps as a promotional tool for those thinking of visiting or moving to the area .
if you can ’ t deal with it , you throw in the towel. ” dancevic disagreed .
so what does he think now ?
but , the constant sound of hammering and the chemicals in the air that catch in the back of the throat and irritate the eyes make it hard to concentrate .
italians know it for hosting a maximum-security prison -lrb- 1858-1998 -rrb- holding especially dangerous mafia criminals .
he did not believe he had found the king .
our country ’ s future depends on sustainable economic development , ” said lumbuenamo .
antibiotics have become drugs that are expensive to develop , that are only used in short courses and that quickly become ineffective due to the evolution of bacterial resistance .
modi , an ascetic who is a committed vegetarian and an enthusiastic yoga practitioner himself , suggested an international yoga day when speaking to the united nations on a visit to new york in 2014 .
further back in the queue , christine ball , 62 , wasn ’ t impressed .
they are expected to be discussed again at a meeting in durban in july .
“ we believe this 8 % fee is unfair and that , if the chain values its staff , it should be paying them the total tips they are given by customers , ” said chantal chegrinec , campaigns officer at unite .
the invention of farming brought humans and animals into much closer contact and humans likely evolved more robust immune systems to fend off infections that the animals passed on .
natalie dunman , its head of performance pathways , said that , while the differences highlighted in the new findings were borne out by teenagers competing in junior-level competitions , they had disappeared by the time sportspeople were taking part in adult competitions .
“ my first ramadan here was in december .
he had his first hit in 1952 , with a dramatic rearrangement of three o ’ clock blues , which topped the r & b chart for 15 weeks ; it was the first of a list of successes such as please love me , you upset me baby and sweet sixteen .
if you are getting info from the cloud and social networks , that will happen more easily .
the regimen demands head-down bursts on a stationary bike or rowing machine ; explosive bodyweight exercises , sprints or suchlike .
but starbucks should be careful what it wishes for .
i remembered to wash my hands. ” but , for mowat , the worst part of the job is deﬁnitely not handling the eels – he believes baby eels ( known as elvers ) are “ as cute as pandas ” : “ the worst thing about the job is regularly learning how much damage we , the british population , are doing to the environment. ” job satisfaction : “ getting to work outdoors and seeing british wildlife up close is the best part of the job , ” says mowat .
lego ’ s finance director , john goodwin , said : “ the strong performance of the lego movie products had a positive effect during the first half of 2014 , and it remains to be seen how the line will continue to develop behind the highly anticipated launch of the movie on dvd in the second half of 2014. ” operating profit for the first six months of lego ’ s financial year increased by 12 % to $ 630m .
the explorer francisco hernández wrote that chocolate beverages helped treat fever and liver disease .
middup was encouraged to continue this police campaign of defaming liverpool supporters for supposed drunkenness and misbehaviour and “ to get the message – togetherness – across to the force ” .
“ so , what if we got a guy who would babysit the dogs and other people could rent them out ? ” another start-up , called invisibleboyfriend , allows users “ to design and build a believable social partner who is everything you want and is always available to talk , whenever you want ” .
it has since come to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance .
the feast of the sacred heart has been a solemnity in the roman catholic liturgical calendar since 1856 , and is celebrated 19 days after pentecost .
elsewhere , there has been a glut of goals : 28 in the first eight games – almost three times as many as at the same stage in south africa in 2010 .
the appetite is simply enormous .
the service is reportedly very slow , especially when the centre gets crowded .
he tells the story of the holy grail , and reveals himself as lohengrin , knight of the holy grail and son of king parsifal .
the first fifteen asteroids to be discovered were given symbols by astronomers as a type of short-hand notation .
unfortunately , the cobbled-together “ aquatic ape hypothesis ” fails to hold water .
cisc and risc the terms risc and cisc have become less meaningful with the continued evolution of both cisc and risc designs and implementations .
on a freezing day , an elderly couple sit on one of the new benches , smiling at the warmth on their faces .
but it is also the native home of teff , a highly nutritious ancient grain increasingly finding its way into health-food shops and supermarkets in europe and america .
“ the job is about keeping people safe , ” says richard lewis , a hygiene technician for rentokil .
the high mountainous alps in the west of austria flatten somewhat into low lands and plains in the east of the country .
to contemplate the passing of a unique wonder that will soon vanish from the face of the earth ?
the other group did a ten-minute warm-up on the bike , followed by four minutes of tabata intervals , four times a week – plus one 30-minute session of steady exercise with two minutes of intervals .
millions of barrels of oil are used in the manufacture of plastic bottles and the transportation of mineral water across the planet produces even more carbon emissions .
“ it ’ s been an amazing magic carpet ride for all of us , ” she said .
i think , after you ’ ve been married a while , you don ’ t keep many secrets. ” and over the year , the young founder says he ’ s got to know the boyfriends really well .
gallagher , who goes by the name quinn , replied to a reddit post axani had submitted – along with other hopeful elizabeth gallaghers – and was selected .
in 2006 , i was filming a programme about the anatomy and physiology of the lungs for a bbc series called , slightly oddly , don ’ t die young .
“ i probably let myself down , i let my family down , i let other people down .
the goaltender uses this glove to deflect shots .
“ if there are photos you really care about , print them out. ” ancient civilizations suffered no such problems because histories written in cuneiform on baked clay tablets or rolled papyrus scrolls needed only eyes to read them .
originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms .
specific reliability issues may include : the system can not safely be shut down for repair , or it is too inaccessible to repair .
we hope his influence and the prime minister ’ s endorsement of copyright will be brought to bear on the approach of the uk ’ s intellectual property office . ”
by 2003 , the wi-fi alliance announced that wep had been superseded by wi-fi protected access -lrb- wpa -rrb- , which was a subset of then upcoming 802.11i amendment .
hurwicz was inducted into the american academy of arts and sciences in 1965 .
when the reichstag voted to repeal the budget , brüning had hindenburg dissolve the reichstag , just two years into its mandate , and reapprove the budget through the article 48 mechanism .
“ these snapshots , which showed the intimacy of a couple , partially naked on the terrace of a private home , surrounded by a park several hundred metres from a public road , and being able to legitimately assume that they are protected from passersby , are by nature particularly intrusive , ” it said .
in 1265 , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester summoned the first elected parliament .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
john lennon and yoko ono conduct their bed-in at the queen elizabeth hotel in montreal , quebec .
the website states that the basic elements required for life are already present on the planet .
phone calls meant for the police got mexican grandmothers out of bed at 2am because i had misunderstood a number and dialled a dodgy digit .
koop was a somewhat eccentric and flamboyant figure , well-known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties .
the structures , together with the smoothness of pluto ’ s surface , suggest that geological activity is taking place and smoothing over depressions caused by asteroid impacts .
the nameless dog makes a cameo appearance in the nes game barker bill 's trick shooting -lrb- another zapper game -rrb- and he can be shot .
“ it wasn ’ t easy and it certainly wasn ’ t immediate .
assuming good faith does not prohibit discussion and criticism , but instead editors should not attribute the actions being criticized to malice unless there is specific evidence of malice .
amid increasing hype around john lewis ’ s seasonal ad , which has come to mark the beginning of the christmas shopping season for many , the department store will aim to use its profile to raise hundreds of thousands of pounds for age uk .
the hope is to introduce it across the 450 schools in the region if a pilot is successful .
high gusts were reported throughout texas , with a maximum gust of reported on the coast guard cutter buttonwood -lrb- wlb-306 -rrb- stationed at the northeastern tip of galveston island .
but ... well , it does feel nice , standing here .
ritchie neville -lrb- born richard neville dobson , 23 august 1979 , solihull , england -rrb- is an english singer most noted for being a member of uk boy band five .
luxembourg , for example , issued more than twice its annual gdp in banknotes in 2013 alone , despite being one of the most cash-averse countries in europe .
“ all-out effort at 170 % of your vo 2 max is the criterion of the protocol , ” says tabata .
those who are born in the state are known as " capixabas " , although the precise word is " espiritossantenses " .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
author , peter preuss , stated that the possum 's population faltered in 1997 with current habitat -lrb- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -rrb- under threat from logging .
in 2013 , in japan , a 60-year-old man swapped at birth from his rich parents to a poor family was given compensation .
when you see the word amazon , what ’ s the first thing that springs to mind – the world ’ s biggest forest , the longest river or the largest internet retailer – and which do you consider most important ?
i , personally , don ’ t think it ’ s fair and i know a lot of players don ’ t think it ’ s fair. ” other players were in broad agreement .
all restaurants should have to publicly state their exact tipping procedure .
“ the biggest challenge we faced was being able to finish the project on time with the performance level we needed to achieve , ” said rashid al-bayad , the project director .
meet the millennials bucking the trend .
according to a 2011 report , in europe and north america , each person wasted 95 to 115kg of otherwise edible food annually , whereas , in sub-saharan africa and south and south-east asia , the equivalent waste was just 6 to 11kg .
“ the police were just saying to everyone : 'ok , 20 seconds and then the next person ' .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
she escapes with alwa just before the police arrive to recapture her .
riaa website although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single entity , as of 2004 several industry sources estimated rush 's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million units .
this is something completely different. ” the first batch of we can do it was sold out almost before it was brewed .
“ the environment minister , jan szyszko , makes no secret of being a hunter .
their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .
in a gracious concession speech in boston , romney told his supporters : “ the nation , as you know , is at a critical point .
meanwhile , big mama explains to tod that his friendship with copper can not continue , as they are natural enemies , but tod refuses to believe her .
secondly , it should be computationally infeasible to generate a valid signature for a party who does not possess the private key .
“ with the perks , it ’ s enough to live on .
to the researchers ’ surprise , 12 of 18 men gave themselves up to four electric shocks , as did six of 24 women .
guangxi -lrb- or guangxi zhuang autonomous region ; -rrb- is a zhuang autonomous region of the people 's republic of china .
and what happens when that elder is in prison ?
the key was to ensure that the way clouds form in the real world was accurately represented in computer climate models , which are the only tool researchers have to predict future temperatures .
this has the advantage of evenly distributed spatial resolution without singularities -lrb- i.e. the poles -rrb- at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty .
historians have learned how the greatest mathematician of antiquity considered the concept of infinity and anticipated calculus in 3bc after the archimedes palimpsest was found hidden under the words of a byzantine prayer book from the thirteenth century .
he is highly critical of internet users who think it is ok to download music or books without paying for them .
trading has all but ceased as sand piles up in the streets .
the magazine faces a €10,000 fine for every day it fails to comply with the order .
fontane 's first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or " sibling love " -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .
the teide national park in tenerife is also becoming a major astrotourism destination .
attendance may suffer from a fresh scandal in july 2015 , in which a seaworld employee was alleged to have infiltrated animal rights protest groups against the company .
it is not about exercise but discovering the sense of oneness with yourself , the world and nature , ” modi said at the time , adding that yoga could help in tackling climate change .
it ’ s just great to be here , though .
until now , the differences between commercial , governmental and other types of identity were easily distinguished in every internet address by “ .com ” , “ .gov ” and 20 other categories .
following the dissolution of the soviet union in december 1991 , honecker took refuge in the chilean embassy in moscow , but was extradited by the yeltsin administration to germany in 1992 .
inky was brought to the national aquarium a number of years ago by a local fisherman who found him caught in a crayfish pot .
the children who learn in this three-square-metre room are the lucky ones , however .
the centres prepare children for primary school with classes that help them catch up on their education .
among 16- to 24-year-olds , 60 % use facebook every day but 46 % use alternatives .
you can ’ t go steady on a cross trainer , chewing gum and reading the latest issue of hello !
uses tar was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .
paralympian , tanni grey-thompson , chair of ukactive , the uk ’ s leading not-for-profit health body for physical activity , said : “ all children need to achieve 60 active minutes every day , whether in a lesson , on the walk to school or in the playground .
one candidate met with success : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat .
it ’ s a massive turnaround from the centuries of persecution. ” the survey found the eurasian lynx living permanently in 11 population groups across 23 european countries , of which only five were native populations , indicating the success of reintroduction efforts .
“ unless we win , it doesn ’ t mean a damn thing , ” the would-be republican presidential nominee warned a campaign rally in south carolina , despite finishing his fourth month in a row at the top of the opinion polls .
the idea of a fully automated transportation system is intriguing because it has the potential to improve safety by removing human error and increase the efficiency of car owners , who can get on with other tasks during a long commute .
at that time , the area contained the greta swamp , which was later drained .
it is clear why he needs to find more funds , fast .
some e-bikes are close to 30kg .
“ i want to see a judge reconcile 'no loitering ' with 'no smoking inside'. ” councilwoman latoya cantrell , who introduced and pushed the ban , disagrees : “ the responsibility is on the bar-owner to keep their clientele respectful outside their establishment as well , ” she says .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
all pack members care for the young with solidarity and devotion. ” mys łajek , the son of a shepherd , is puzzled by wolves ’ bad reputation .
for example , most countries hugely overestimate how many people do not affiliate themselves with a religion : across the 33 countries , 37 % do not , according to respondents , but the average is actually just 18 % .
he composed music in all major genres , including art song , chamber music , oratorio , opera , ballet music , and orchestral music .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
ofcom has said 18 % of internet users aged over 12 admit to having recently pirated content , and 9 % say they fear getting caught .
but , some students who struggle to learn languages with a grammar textbook may thrive in a foreign-language setting , where learning is more natural and less reliant on sequences of adjectives , prepositions and so on .
this will unload the skeleton and give joints the chance to rest and recover , especially if one is prone to niggles or has a history of injuries – and you would probably therefore get more out of the long runs when you do undertake them. ” gym rats can benefit by doing three strength sessions and three tabatas a week .
“ telly , milk and bread – the necessities , ” she said .
policymakers must aim for a “ zero tripod ” of separate but interdependent objectives : tackle chronic poverty ; stop impoverishment ; sustain poverty escapes .
enter a department store and you will be watched .
owners can retrieve their bike at the touch of a button , with the automated system delivering it back above ground in around 13 seconds .
pakistan 's founder muhammad ali jinnah expressed admiration for turkey 's founding leader mustafa kemal atatürk and expressed a desire to develop pakistan on the turkish model of modernism and secularism .
born in the new millennium , these children have never known the dark ages of dial-up internet and the youngest are learning how to operate smartphones or tablets before they are able to talk .
“ you don ’ t realize how safe vienna is until you head abroad , ” said hartlauer .
“ it ’ s no longer seen as the province of professors in studies with brass telescopes. ” technology has also played a part .
woodland may support an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses .
“ we need better infrastructure , better roads , reliable electricity .
“ we track them using motion-activated cameras in the forest and by following their prints in the mud and snow .
banksy himself has not commented on the slave labour furore , but has previously condemned those who have tried to sell his artwork , speaking out before the proposed sale of five of his pieces at a 2011 auction in new york .
one famous example is his sudarium of saint veronica -lrb- 1649 -rrb- , an engraving of the face of jesus made from a single spiraling line that starts at the tip of jesus 's nose .
they ’ re not at all dangerous but they are almost pure muscle and they can be a little bit slimy , ” says stephen mowat , an eel conservationist and ecologist for the zoological society of london .
the team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , while the opponent hosts games 3 , 4 and 6 -lrb- games 5 – 7 are played " if necessary " -rrb- .
whales may have to group together more closely in order to hear each other .
the als has yet to respond to criticism of its high overheads and wage bills .
the 1992 winter games were the last to be staged in the same year as the summer games .
but , even if driverless technology were ready to hit the roads now , it would take a long time to get fully automated given the average age of cars on the road is 11.5 years old .
in february 2007 , essjay was found to have made false claims about his academic qualifications and professional experiences on his wikipedia user page and to journalist stacy schiff during an interview for the new yorkerschiff , stacey .
mcdonald ’ s chief executive don thompson acknowledged the company had a job to do in addressing misconceptions about the freshness , quality and integrity of its ingredients .
how wrong i was .
you know , i don ’ t mean to be unkind but i think you should put your phone down because you ’ re just being an idiot , really .
“ it ’ s a strange paradox – but a very american one . ”
he also said that pollution was worsening , particularly as the canoes approached big cities such as sydney .
the armies of the east india company were recruited primarily from muslims in the bengal presidency , which consisted of bengal , bihar and uttar pradesh , and high caste hindus recruited primarily from the rural plains of oudh .
“ humans are cutting down trees more quickly than they can regrow , harvesting more fish than the oceans can restock , pumping water from our rivers and aquifers faster than rainfall can replenish them and emitting more carbon than the oceans and forests can absorb , ” he said .
when the taliban sent a gunman to shoot malala yousafzai in october 2012 as she rode home on a bus after school , they made clear their intention : to silence the teenager and kill off her campaign for girls ’ education .
“ once this agreement arrives on my desk , i will sign it immediately , ” he said , in a statement delivered at the white house .
butare , which has 89,600 residents and is located 135km south of the capital , kigali , is the home of the national university of rwanda .
and it bene ﬁts society. ” 3 .
“ we got 120 applications. ” in elmas , the scheme has provoked mixed reactions .
“ his journey from a prisoner to a president embodied the promise that human beings – and countries – can change for the better .
silver-plate gives a clearer , brighter sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need clarity and projection .
as well , art rock is " not so much for dancing as for listening and it often tells a story or there is a philosophical theme to the lyrics .
contact between visiting seamen and prisoners was barred .
truly , star wars is the ultimate movie brand . ”
“ and we need to find a way to regain our power .
because it was a weak storm and never made landfall , cristobal 's effects were mostly limited to moderate rainfall .
good for the b & bs as they get business all year round now. ” local hoteliers now issue guests with night-vision torches and put out deckchairs at night .
“ he ’ s staying at the local council house and a family is feeding him , ” said fjeldstad , who added that the man had a basic health check and was found to have low blood pressure , but did not appear to have any life-threatening conditions and was able to walk with the aid of men on the island .
what he has not yet done is test the device on a diver , fully submerged for two minutes .
some indigenous groups living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food .
as the last album of the scandinavian vocal music series , pohjola produced a tribute to the finnish legendary tango composer , toivo kärki on the album , leivonen lumimyrskyssä -lrb- a lark in a snowstorm -rrb- -lrb- 2006 -rrb- .
mine started to reach out , asking me to lunch and reassuring me that the world hadn ’ t moved on that much since i ’ d left. ” office chit-chat may seem like a waste of time , but it helps to cushion us from the emotional and psychological effects of work strain .
serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was a finalist in the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- contest , where it came second to rijndael .
roseanne is an american sitcom broadcast on abc from 1988 to 1997 starring roseanne barr .
how quickly things change .
but meat and fish – expensive , luxury products in liberian markets but essential sources of protein – remained elusive .
in 1963 , haile selassie presided over the establishment of the organisation of african unity , with the new organization establishing its headquarters in addis ababa .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
david mitchell , a regular contender for the man booker literary prize , is used to his novels being picked over by the critics .
in brazilian cities , white workers earn roughly twice as much as those of african descent .
it will follow the release in december 2015 of episode vii , directed by jj abrams and titled star wars : the force awakens , the unnamed episode viii due out in 2017 and the already announced spin-off , rogue one , which will arrive in cinemas in 2016 .
launched in 1994 , instyle currently has a circulation of 1.7 million .
ender 's shadow -lrb- 1999 -rrb- is a science fiction novel by american author orson scott card .
many of the churches work together for town-wide projects under the banner of " churches together in stevenage " .
“ erm … not great , ” he admits .
as soon as the children at one primary school in stirling hear the words “ daily mile ” , they down their pencils and head out of the classroom to start running laps around the school field .
this , the specialism in which i chose to train , is where antibiotic resistant organisms are most prevalent .
but fewer than 150 britons were among them – largely because the uk ’ s foreign office refuses to amend its somewhat hair-raising advice , which deters most travellers by providing a list of recent security incidents in the region .
members of the muslim council of wales and the south wales jewish representative council have expressed reservations , while the archbishop of wales , barry morgan , said that “ donation ought to be a gift of love , of generosity .
we have to think it was james goodfellow in scotland for holding a patent date of 1966. who invented the atm design we recognize today ?
mercedes saw a 47 % surge in sales in india in 2013 .
prisoners were treated well – maybe too well , some might say .
a parallel to tributaries is the distributary , a river that branches off of and flows away from the main stream .
the industry ’ s biggest nemesis will be japan ’ s discerning and demanding consumers .
our study was mostly carried out through an online survey – and , in developing countries , this will be representative of a more affluent , connected group rather than the population as a whole .
the report calls for a shift in thinking about poverty to focus on the chronically poor – those who are poor for many years or their entire lives – and for more emphasis on stopping impoverishment , the descent into poverty .
there is not a lot of sympathy there , ” she said .
to see what driverless cars might look like in action , go to the video at : vimeo.com/37751380 .
rspca australia says it believes the cull is wrong .
the new view of charon reveals a varied , complex terrain .
of course , safety remains a major concern – singh points out that , for a commercial aircraft to be considered skyworthy , it has to prove a rate of one serious failure every 1m hours .
you end up not thinking about it , really .
location and habitat the area most populated by this fish is at the junction of the amazon river and the rio negro , near brazil 's inland city of manaus .
the rivalry between the two men bubbled up when shepherd-barron received an official honour for his achievement .
“ it will help bring you close to your friends and family .
an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from light is called a photoheterotroph , while an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds is termed a chemoheterotroph .
it turns out that people do not react to cameras in the same way as they do to browser cookies .
aspinall , chair of the hillsborough family support group , said that , although the families ’ loss would never fade , she was “ delighted ” at the unequivocal , “ profound ” apology given for hillsborough ’ s savage failings by david cameron .
in 1990 , king was diagnosed with diabetes and cut back his touring but not so much that his followers outside the us could not catch up with him every year or two .
“ the drop was essentially due to the terrorist attacks in 2015 .
we allow this to happen online so why not offline ?
following the murder of van gogh , tens of thousands gathered in the center of amsterdam to mourn van gogh 's death .
“ we think mining is a good way to make it possible to allow local people to continue to live in the area .
fewer than 20 % of those who come in for help reoffend .
the revelation also supports concerns raised by several us senators during the renewal of the fisa amendments act ( faa ) in december 2012 , who warned about the scale of surveillance the law might enable and shortcomings in the safeguards it introduces .
“ as a result of growing up in the digital age , they are developing fundamentally different communication habits from older generations , even compared to what we call the early adopters , the 16-to-24 age group. ” ofcom devised a “ digital quotient ” , or dq , test to put 800 children and 2,000 adults through their paces , which , rather than measuring intelligence , as an iq test would , attempts to gauge awareness of and self-confidence around gadgets from tablets to smart watches , knowledge of superfast internet , 4g mobile- phone networks and mobile apps .
no one seemed to notice .
elliot goldenthal -lrb- born may 2 1954 -rrb- is an academy award and golden globe winning american composer of contemporary classical music .
although she had previously spoken in fantasies and dream sequences , maggie 's first word spoken in the normal continuity of the series occurred in " lisa 's first word " , when she was voiced by elizabeth taylor .
dr gavin sandercock , from the centre for sports and exercise science at essex university , and colleagues found that autumn-born children enjoyed “ a clear physical advantage ” over their classmates .
much of the postcard was indecipherable , although the address in berlin on the front of the card was legible , as was the author ’ s polite request that the note be sent by the finder to his home address .
in 2015 , sohay helped 1,540 children to leave hazardous work and 2,125 vulnerable children – those in danger of entering work – into school .
“ we are very proud of this project , ” el-haite said .
“ in today ’ s world , those letters would be emails and the chances of finding them will be vanishingly small one hundred years from now , ” said cerf .
in the past hundred years , our expectations of life and survival have changed beyond all recognition .
but critics have a point when it comes to longer queues .
riding an e-bike feels like riding a conventional bike with a brisk tailwind ; the motor helps you go faster or climb hills but it ’ s typically not the primary source of propulsion .
edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small , virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a metropolis with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721 , the largest city in the world at the time .
“ in some societies , it is not ok – but not all. ” “ i think the numbers are a wake-up call for all of us to pay more attention to this issue , ” said garcia-moreno .
origins initially a part of urartu , sophene became a province of the newly emerged ancient armenian kingdom of orontids around 600 bc .
stieler began his career as a painter of miniatures .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he is a brilliant scientist and researcher with vast intelligence and insight into mutant genetics .
the baby is the first prince of cambridge to be born for more than 190 years since prince george of cambridge , a grandson of george iii and the only son of prince adolphus frederick , the 1st duke of cambridge .
elle , 22 , edinburgh : 'we never know whether it ’ s fair ' average tips : £20 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... france i work three jobs , all on part-time zero-hours contracts , in catering and hospitality .
narcissistic celebrities showing off toned bodies , people having all the fun without donating , complaints about the waste of water – the attacks have come from commentators , animal-rights groups and environmentalists .
to blunt his lead , another candidate would need to tap into his support base without jeopardizing their own .
it offers a temporary fix , funding the government until 15 january and raising the debt ceiling until 7 february .
and are they nutritionally relevant ?
but cliff downing , who teaches sea survival to sailors , said he was sceptical about the latest tale .
it ’ s going to be a long one. ” separately , feinstein said that james clapper , the director of national intelligence , had agreed to provide her in writing with a statement about a washington post story that alleged the nsa had intercepted data in transmission between google and yahoo data centres .
at around the same time , shepherd-barron was developing a rival cash-dispensing device .
a new town square is already under way , 3km to the east , with a circular town hall planned by danish architect henning larsen , while 20 key buildings have been identified to be dismantled and resurrected piece by piece in their new home – like an ikea flatpack on a grand scale .
“ we share the vulture ’ s gps coordinates with the municipalities , ” says javier hernandez , the project director .
the national security agency ( nsa ) has obtained direct access to the systems of google , facebook , apple and other us internet giants , according to a top-secret document .
“ i prepare and research as much technical and practical information as possible on every single product beforehand , ” says shaun ryan , presenter for ideal world tv .
her death from leukaemia in 1998 was a shock to the nation and her family .
should i change my status ? ’ and , this time , i don ’ t have to worry about any of that because that kind of stuff is pretty hard , ” she said .
just awesome. ” pushing his child ’ s buggy , electrical engineer eivind toreid is more cautious .
bolivia and mauritius score higher than the size of their economies may suggest , while the emerging economies of brazil , russia , india and china are a mixed bag .
but , although this chinese businessman had several companies and a palatial villa in the madrid suburbs , he had almost no money in the bank , a detail that piqued the interest of spanish authorities .
“ when they come to us on tuesday , they get two to three days ’ worth of food .
but , if the patient can keep her chest perfectly still for several minutes , it means that the entire dose can be delivered , in the right place , in one go .
she said the detail on who would make payments had been left open in order to ensure that all those factory owners who could afford to pay for repairs and compensation for workers made the necessary contribution .
the employee was eventually rehired at a different nearby location .
in a new essay , paul farmer , the chief executive of mind , and jenny edwards , the chief executive of the mental health foundation , say it can be both a cause and effect of mental health problems .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
others have tried everything and are so discouraged that they no longer want to stay and wait .
in 2006 , three mexicans made international headlines when they were discovered drifting , also in a small fibreglass boat near the marshall islands .
the armenian legion was established under the goals of the armenian national liberation movement and was an armed unit besides the armenian volunteer units and armenian militia during world war i which fought against the ottoman empire .
the streets empty soon after 9pm .
he excelled in history throughout his school years while his grades in other subjects remained average .
a horse !
before the outbreak 's end , andover , kansas , would record the year 's only f5 tornado -lrb- see andover , kansas tornado outbreak -rrb- .
it topped the uk album chart and yielded a top 10 single , jump they say .
charities are all worthwhile causes and i understand even that some people might want to donate to a different one .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
“ humans are very imaginative animals , ” said tonagawa .
it consists of seven or eight stages and oscillates around 1,200km in length .
“ a 7am alarm call for older adolescents , ” kelley and his colleagues pointed out in the paper , “ is the equivalent of a 4.30am start for a teacher in their 50s. ” he says it ’ s not as simple as persuading teenagers to go to bed earlier .
“ water ice is strong enough to hold up big mountains and that ’ s what we think we ’ re seeing here .
puckian craters are named after mischievous spirits in european mythology .
however , the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
billboards boast : “ teff : the ultimate gluten-free crop ! ” ethiopia is one of the world ’ s poorest countries , well known for its precarious food security situation .
“ customers expect seamless interactions , responsiveness , 24/7 accessibility , customization options and high levels of personalization , ” he said .
furqan naeem , a campaigner from manchester , said : “ i recently visited the states through the us embassy on the community leaders programme and saw first hand some really important work the president did in celebrating america ’ s diversity and bringing communities together. ” kenny imafidon , the managing director of the youth organization clearview research , said afterwards : “ it was a great opportunity and what will stick with me is what he said about meeting with people who have different politics from you and having to make compromises .
cheaha mountain , often called mount cheaha , is the highest point in the u.s. state of alabama .
lot-et-garonne is a department in the southwest of france named after the lot and garonne rivers .
you would never refer to another group of people in the way that it seems perfectly normal to refer to wealth holders. ” “ it ’ s really isolating to have a lot of money .
ten days later , on 5 september , when further excavation proved morris had hit the crucial spot , he returned with lin foxhall , head of the archaeology department , to excavate the body .
about ten seconds after getting in , i forgot i was there .
weiss conceded that , unlike men , apes are not known to pursue radical and often disastrous lifestyle changes in middle age .
some populations of mammals , birds , reptiles and amphibians have suffered even bigger losses , with freshwater species declining by 76 % over the same period .
atlantic hurricane seasons pre-1600 1600s / 10s 1620s / 30s observation data for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was virtually non-existent in the pre-columbian era , and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost .
“ suffice to say there ’ s been significant interest from many production companies .
elsewhere , we have pushed the limits of survival , notably in intensive care .
“ children that get a high-quality first experience , which develops their physical literacy , are those that will have greater agility , balance and coordination , and are more likely to develop an enjoyment of physical activity and excel in sport as they grow up ” , he said .
from the word accountant the term accountancy is derived .
after 14 months in hiding , duran is unapologetic , even though his activities could land him in jail .
it ’ s very uplifting in a way because it ’ s a solution that will make people less ill , and happier and better at what they do. ” there would probably be fewer accidents as drivers would be more alert , he says .
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .
“ the smartphone itself has become the platform .
the study , commissioned by camelot , the operators of the uk national lottery , to mark the 3,000-winners milestone , was based on research from 100 £1m-plus winners .
symbolically , a full set of handshakes , plus a “ well done ” from both managers , represents maximum satisfaction .
qualifications : typically , social engineers have a degree in it , although an understanding of psychology is useful , as is a background in marketing , teaching and customer service .
at the time , it was viewed by many outsiders as a bold move , coming less than a year after the 2010 disturbances finally died down .
“ numbers who use e-cigarettes while continuing to smoke are going down , ” west said .
more than eight in ten say they sleep with a mobile phone by their bed , almost two thirds admit to texting while driving , one in five has posted a video of themselves online and three quarters have created a profile on a social networking site .
but whoever comes along next will move the bar further and do it without ropes or bottled oxygen. ” sixty years after everest was first climbed , much of the coverage is looking back to edmund hillary and tenzing norgay and their age of innocence from the modern era of commercialism and environmental degradation .
it is one of the nine species of leaf-eating kangaroos identified in fossils found in the naracoorte caves national park .
“ if you work only to pay your bills , how can you have dreams for your future ? ” if taxes go up , even more young people will leave , warns mayor kakali , who has devoted her year in office to improving education on the island to help keep it an attractive place for families .
the color 's name is derived from the typical color of the beverage champagne .
in one radical demonstration of the technology , the scientists used the internet to link the brains of two rats separated by thousands of miles , with one in the researchers ’ lab at duke university in durham , north carolina , and the other in natal , brazil .
to remain competitive , encyclopædia britannica , inc. has stressed the good reputation of the britannica , reduced its price and production costs , and developed electronic versions on cd-rom , dvd , and the world wide web .
the museum and pearson field , along with the fort vancouver national historic site , are part of the vancouver national historic reserve .
users might never have to leave the site to get their news : instant articles will see stories run within facebook .
violence has a profound effect on women ’ s health .
these events were dramatized in the 1977 movie a bridge too far .
almost half of potential visitors to britain now say they want to indulge in “ set jetting ” , visiting places featured in films or on tv .
new last-line drugs emerged to replace the old .
companies are legally obliged to comply with requests for users ’ communications under us law , but the prism program allows the intelligence services direct access to the companies ’ servers .
tomorrow is for justice . ”
half of italians aged 25-34 still live with their parents , when it is only 4 % in norway .
some grow to be institutions as large as major hospitals , whilst retaining the name clinic .
but , even as the first phase of the project nears completion , morocco is eyeing grander international ambitions .
it allows news companies to sell ads around their articles , gaining them 100 % of that revenue , while facebook can also sell ads around that article , with 70 % of the revenue from the social network ’ s advertising also going to the news companies .
rawalpindi is also the military headquarters of the pakistan armed forces and also served as the nation 's capital while islamabad was being constructed in the 1960s .
12-hour clock times end with dotted or undotted lower-case or , or or , which are spaced -lrb- or , not or -rrb- .
“ there is a boredom factor where people like to try something new .
the whole site is being redisplayed for the anniversary , with the foundations marked and the garden restored .
new media and technology influenced his recordings , too .
we know sitting still kills ; not sitting still helps children build skills that will stay with them for life. ” the scottish government is also supportive .
they work with the police , the probation service and other , voluntary organizations to help those who feel trapped and frightened in the violent criminal gangs that operate across london .
“ without stratford , ” edmondson said , “ there would have been no shakespeare . ”
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
african doctors write on hospital records that adults are dying of malaria a lot. ” but , he adds , their fever could be something else .
“ i was touched by the people who kept coming back in , ” he says .
a closer look at the plan shows the new town bears little relation to the original kiruna at all .
“ our goal was to build a giant atlas that shows how one specific aspect of language is represented in the brain , in this case semantics or the meanings of words , ” said jack gallant , a neuroscientist at the university of california , berkeley .
“ i ’ m always given a scenario , such as buying something from a specific department or a new product range , but , within that framework , i can often buy whatever i want – and keep it. ” like most full-time mystery shoppers , laura is self-employed , taking jobs from aba and other mystery shopping companies as and when they come up .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
bananas have been the most popular fruit in the uk since 1996 , reaching 221g per adult per week in 2014 , well above apples ( 131g ) and oranges ( 48g ) .
it ’ s a romantic notion that may appeal to us but , with the cold light of day falling on the scientific evidence , it ’ s revealed to be nothing more than a fiction .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
recently , though , this unique social contract has become unacceptable for some people and the fate of new orleans ’ s musical personality feels at stake .
the following year , a newspaper solicited eleven design proposals -lrb- all but one of which was a nordic cross -rrb- and polled the people to determine the most popular .
the paved flooring is decked with smart tiles that capture the kinetic energy from pedestrians ’ footsteps and convert it into electricity .
we do everything we can , but coping with the litter of 140,000 people is a challenge .
international activity is up 41 % since december .
with the highest carbon emissions of any major fossil fuel , coal is a huge contributor to climate change , particularly when burned in old-fashioned , inefficient power stations .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
natural events are notoriously hard to predict but the prospects for malé do look particularly grim for , even if its new sea wall continues to be effective , the islands around the maldives capital are going to disappear before too long .
international gangs pay poor local nepali significant sums to kill the cats .
at its peak , allen ’ s class had more than 18 regulars , each paying £1 a time .
naming and records after all of the twenty one predetermined hurricane names for the 2005 season were exhausted following hurricane wilma , the greek alphabet was used , beginning with tropical storm alpha .
the polygraph was created in 1921 by policeman john larson , based on research by the psychologist william marston .
“ we ’ ve also looked at other pay gap causes , such as having to juggle work and family responsibilities , by introducing shared parental leave and the right to request flexible working to all employees. ” large companies such as tesco , bt , unilever and the international law firm eversheds are among those signed up to think , act , report .
sustainability is not solely a matter of bringing down emissions ; it is also a question of using our natural resources more intelligently and creating healthier lives for ourselves .
consequently , he purposely filmed scenes with actors on the extreme edge of both sides so that they could only be shown in widescreen .
they did not believe they had a reason to .
“ i was learning constantly. ” by the summer of 2007 , he had discovered how to make the system work , applying for loans under the name of a false television production company .
“ every pub wants to learn how to reach women , ” adds singerer .
an adversary would need an approximately 40 % increase in the troop level to compensate for this advantage. ” the report goes on to look at the effects of ampakines , a class of drugs that modulate neurotransmitters in the brain , to remove the effects of sleep deprivation .
joe byrne commenced school at the catholic school at woolshed in 1862 .
several marsupial herbivores , notably koalas and some possums , are relatively tolerant of it .
according to the fictional universe first established by slayer , the ' buffyverse , ' the term ' buffyverse ' is used amongst fans of buffy / angel online to describe the fictional universe established by buffy / angel .
in modern days , joss sticks can be used for any purpose , such as to enhance the smell of a room , or to light fire crackers .
dundee has two universities — the university of abertay dundee and the university of dundee .
“ there is a real danger , both of loss of auditory acuity , where we are exposed to noise for so long that we stop listening , but also a loss of listening habits , where we lose the ability to engage with the environment the way we were built to , ” he added .
and it ’ s not just the sea – rainfall is also endangering cities across the world .
almost half new ultra-high-net-worth individuals live in smaller provincial cities .
3 the ak-47 six months before his death in december 2013 , mikhail kalashnikov , the designer of the assault riﬂe , wrote to the head of the russian orthodox church : “ my spiritual torment is unbearable .
dozens of britain ’ s most loved migratory birds , including house martins , swallows , cuckoos and warblers , rest here on their annual migrations from africa .
all were tested between 2007 and 2010 on three different measures of fitness : stamina , handgrip strength and lower-body power .
there were also rallies in belem , salvador and elsewhere .
the 140,000 ticket-holders are also being urged to bring reusable bottles that they can fill at 400 drinking- water taps dotted across the site .
such peoples ' native languages often have differentiated forms that simply did not survive the transfer to english .
retiring sickly and suffering several long illnesses , elizabeth died on september 23 , 1830 aged 62 , at her home , oak hill .
paul gray -lrb- # 2 -rrb- active : 1995 – present instruments : bass , backing vocals release contributions : all slipknot releases paul gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995 .
to add to the company ’ s problems , mcdonald ’ s hamburgers were recently named the worst in america in a poll of more than 32,000 american diners , who said they would rather eat a burger at five guys , smashburger or fuddruckers .
the skin and bones are handed to middlemen , who pass easily through the porous border to india , where the major dealers are based .
nine months and countless surgical operations later , she stood up at the united nations on her 16th birthday on friday to deliver a defiant riposte .
the former paratrooper has parachuted off buildings and mountains and once into a 600 foot deep cave .
further , the term " the celsius or centigrade thermometer " was again used in reference to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850 .
another , outside royal mansion , declined to say if anyone was home , while a member of staff at another mansion simply warned the guardian about the guard dogs .
it is not actually a true louse .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .
around 1125 , her father died and she succeeded as countess of boulogne .
glastonbury revellers are also being urged to travel to the site on public transport or try car-sharing with friends .
costa , 36 , was born in alhandra on the river tagus in southeast portugal and graduated with a master ’ s degree in sports science .
it ’ s weird .
in reality , few come even close to taking their full quota , typically using only nine of their 18.5-day average entitlement , according to the labour ministry .
the move is the first of its kind in the history of un drug-control treaties and has sparked concerns that other countries may apply for amendments .
i can not be sure about a cheaper t-shirt produced in asia or morocco. ” he added : “ it ’ s hypocrisy to go around blaming capitalists for a country ’ s economic decline when people could be doing more as consumers. ” carle says he hopes to continue supporting french industry and producers , but not 100 % .
communication between riders and drivers , between different vehicles and between cars and infrastructure is bringing transportation into a new era , according to allan clelland , an expert on transportation technology .
the cipd found that 38 % of zero-hours contract workers describe themselves as employed full-time , typically working 30 hours or more a week .
the population density of the scottish highlands is nine people per sq km .
“ there ’ s no way i could have banned smoking in my bar without it being a rule throughout the whole city , ” says douville .
but , according to byers , these barrels are emptied into a huge pit a few hours down the valley that could leak into the region ’ s watercourses .
“ so many of the people i work with don ’ t have the means to have a balanced protein diet and fish is such a clean source of protein – it doesn ’ t cause health problems like other sources , and it is something we can farm. ” chon , founder of a faith-based ngo , began building a pool in which to farm fish .
10 spray paint finally , desperate times may sometimes call for desperate measures .
weather disasters are also more likely in a warmer world , the report suggests .
palestinian voters in the gaza strip and the west bank including east jerusalem were eligible to participate in the election .
and it doesn ’ t smell of coffee – it smells bad. ” the campaign group uk uncut is attempting to draw a link between government cuts , in particular those that affect women , and tax avoidance by multinational businesses .
reznor later released the slip in 2008 for free download .
after the match , an emotional benoit celebrated his win with the then-reigning wwe champion eddie guerrero .
“ what they want to do is turn this into benidorm , but what draws people here is wildlife and the wind .
on the day i meet him , he ’ s being shadowed by a news crew from japan who are interested in the new wave of japanese entrepreneurs being forced to leave their homeland .
“ for really critical applications – safety applications like landing aircraft or navigating aircraft – gps is still not good enough , ” he said .
he has been able to cope with the stigma of being hiv positive – widespread in liberia – and he was able to access antiretroviral medication , provided by the global fund to fight aids , tuberculosis and malaria and distributed by the liberian government .
while many technology companies rose up the chart , there were big fallers , too .
for ringelmann , the expansion into europe and a deal with a web transaction provider , which will allow payments to be made through local card services like maestro in the uk and carte bleue in france , as well as paypal , are part of a dream to democratize finance .
the findings seem to show that children born in the early months of the school year enjoy a double “ autumn advantage ” – they are already known to have an academic advantage and , now , they also appear to be better equipped for sport , too .
she didn ’ t know what to do. ” eventually , she met the other mother and , since december 2013 , they have been attending joint counselling sessions , arranged by the hospital .
pedego and startup electrobike aren ’ t waiting for the shops to come around ; they are building their own stores .
“ but it doesn ’ t mean they ’ re gon na win . ”
it was probably a classic example of me probably being too much army , and not enough prince .
“ this is just the wrong time for them to have pursued something like this , ” complains bar- owner william walker , who , for reasons of personal choice , hates the anti-smoking law .
some of the most precious surviving documents will be gathered together in an exhibition at somerset house in london , jointly organized by the national archives and king ’ s college london , including four of his six known signatures , which are all slightly different .
it ’ s hard to see anything in an ape ’ s life that would have that sort of pattern , that they would think about .
“ the problem is that , in the us and uk , most people who want to sign up for facebook have already done it , ” said new media specialist ian maude at enders analysis .
“ every village is digging a pit just beyond the houses for garbage .
during his 22-year career , young established numerous professional pitching records in the majors , some of which have stood for a century .
when elements 114 and 116 were assigned formal names in 2012 , scientists chose flerovium and livermorium respectively , after the flerov lab at dubna ’ s joint institute of research and the lawrence livermore lab in the us , where the elements were discovered .
some affluent nepali have mounted tiger heads on the walls of their living rooms .
glass-like ash particles melt in the heat of the engine , then solidify on the rotors .
“ maybe , occasionally , you do go bananas , ” he said .
the atlas shows how words and related terms exercise the same regions of the brain .
pigeon skeletons lie among shattered mirrors and water streams through broken cornicing .
henk strydom , a lawyer for one of the mothers , who can not be identiﬁed because of a court order , described the inadvertent swap as a travesty and tragedy that is unlikely to have a happy ending .
the band sought to recreate the recording experience of still life , and again entered the studio with minimal rehearsals , and no lyrics written .
alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is an italian former football player .
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler -lrb- 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 -rrb- was the longtime companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
the british number one , andy murray , said : “ it ’ s definitely something that you have to look at a little bit .
they survived 38 days on a lifeboat before being rescued by a passing fishing trawler .
overeating , undernourishment and waste are all on the rise and increased food production may face future constraints from water scarcity .
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard , et al .
research has shown they need much higher levels of protein to prevent their health from deteriorating and to allow healthy growth .
the money , he said , had created opportunities .
bowie ’ s relationship with his wife had been disintegrating under the pressures of success and the couple divorced in 1980 .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
in the light of the panel ’ s report , the attorney general will now consider whether to apply to the high court for the inquest verdict of accidental death to be quashed and a new inquest held .
in each issue , there was a review of an artist 's entire discography , with each album being analyzed in turn .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .
the research involved 8,550 boys and girls aged between ten and 16 from 26 state schools in essex .
the series returned from hiatus on february 7 , 2007 and was aired at 10:00 pm .
the new £20 note , which replaces the one featuring social philosopher and economic theorist adam smith , will enter circulation by 2020 .
with little warning , a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 may 18 triggered a massive collapse of the north face of the mountain .
if an airliner with an airspeed of 550mph enters a jet stream , the result can be to fly at 800mph , above sound ’ s 740mph .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb- , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
frampton said consumers ’ ability to interact with and criticize brands on twitter and other social media means companies must react faster to retain and improve their brands ’ reputations .
per person , that amounted to hearing roughly 25,000 words – and more than 3,000different words – as they lay in the scanner .
as the world races to avoid catastrophic climate change , and countries , states and cities work to meet ambitious emissions goals , these policies could also have a big impact on the future of transportation , spurring everything from zero- and low-emission vehicles to apps that encourage more walking , biking and carpooling .
she recently deleted her twitter account and deactivated her facebook account two years ago after realizing she “ didn ’ t like everyone knowing what i was doing ” .
but lumbuenamo accepted that , while the gorillas were safe at present , the chances of the park generating its potential of $ 400m a year were remote .
“ the rest of your life , ” notes jones with a chuckle .
what is it like to look at the very last of something ?
the swimming pool is filled with a foot of brackish water and has flowers growing through its tiles .
novelist ajaz ashraf wrote on india ’ s scroll website : “ underlying it is the hope of bringing into the bjp tent the modern-day gurus and their teeming followers , who largely constitute the urban middle classes. ” others , however , point to a recent us court ruling that said yoga was not inevitably linked to faith .
each city and commune has its own mayor -lrb- primar -rrb- and local council -lrb- consiliu local -rrb- .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
the timing ﬁtted with ancient artefacts found at the site , including perforated reindeer teeth that were strung and hung from the people ’ s clothing .
rated an f0 tornado , it touched down near brunswick , georgia were it snapped trees and caused moderate roof damage along its 2 mi -lrb- 3.2 km -rrb- path .
you read about it from all over the world , that people are eating bugs .
another estimate , that a quarter of cubans have access to the internet – still one of the lowest penetration rates in the western hemisphere – in fact measures residents who use a restricted domestic intranet featuring only certain websites and limited email .
numbers rose again in april .
and 39 % are connected to people they have never met in person .
year-round school is the scheduling of educational institutions so that students take class throughout the entire calendar year .
though his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith , he showed such a precocious talent in drawing that he started as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486 .
some , like instagram , last ; others disappear into thin air. ” thirteen-year-old bennett has three devices , all hand-me-downs from family members .
to hear they made that resolution is fantastic .
it is something i am passionate about ; i am a really strong believer in soft power .
instead , enric duran handed the money out to projects that created and promoted alternatives to capitalism .
“ very wealthy people own property there , ” he said .
a source said : “ they always believed the law was broken and that they were entitled to their privacy. ” maud sobel , a lawyer for the royal couple in paris , described it as “ a wonderful decision , ” adding : “ we ’ ve been vindicated. ” though pleased their civil action has succeeded , the couple have taken the rare step of seeking to have a much more public criminal prosecution for breach of privacy brought against the magazine and photographer or photographers responsible .
but , the scientists say other reasons may be important , such as organic varieties being bred for toughness and not being overfed with artificial fertilizers .
“ i commonly see children who ’ ve been put on to unnecessarily restricted diets because their parents assume , in good faith , that they have allergies to multiple foods on the basis of 'allergy tests ' that have no scientific basis , ” said paul seddon , a consultant paediatric allergist , on behalf of the uk cochrane centre , an independent organization that assesses medical evidence .
allergies and food intolerances are soaring but confusion between the two , as well as the many misdiagnoses , are causing real harm , said the information organization sense about science , which has produced a guide in collaboration with allergy specialists and charities .
a condiment is a relish , sauce , or seasoning added to food to impart a particular flavour or to complement the dish .
i believe that it is because of this naturalness that she is where she is today. ” leandro silva de souza , a racial equality activist in the north-eastern city of salvador , said the prejudice lay not with society but with music producers and media executives .
mandela was a charming , charismatic figure with a passion for boxing and an eye for women .
“ downton abbey is iconic for expressing britishness .
“ i think there ’ s huge misunderstanding about this nsa database programme , and how vital it is to protecting this country , ” she told reporters .
when they performed the task correctly , they got a drink of water .
carpets , rugs , velvet , velour , and velveteen , are made by interlacing a secondary yarn through woven cloth , creating a nap or pile .
history the district was created on june 12 , 1994 by merging the previous districts röbel and waren , and a few municipalities from the districts malchin and neustrelitz .
i wasn ’ t tired ; i just felt my body temperature was too high. ” a ball boy had earlier required medical attention after collapsing during milos raonic ’ s 7–6 , 6–1 , 4–6 , 6–2 victory over daniel gimeno-traver on the equally exposed court eight and the tournament shortened rotations for the ball boys to 45-minute shifts .
cities don ’ t often decide to pack their bags , get up and move down the road .
there is a size minimum of seven inches -lrb- 178 mm -rrb- measured across the shell and a quantity limit of three per day and 24 per year .
the charity said the accumulation of wealth and income on an unprecedented scale , often at the expense of secure jobs and decent wages for the poorest , undermined the ability of people who survive on aid or low wages to improve their situation and escape poverty .
“ i come as often as i can , ” said adonis ortiz , 20 , while video-chatting with his father , who lives in the us and whom he has not seen in nine years .
parents go and try to wake up teenagers who are waking up three hours too early .
by 1870 , more than 2,000 children were being accommodated in five homes .
“ new orleans needs to stand up and say 'we care about our people ' .
a modest cultural centre in the capital city , havana , has suddenly become a rare source of free wi-fi .
the mercenaries encounter ripley , and their youngest member call -lrb- winona ryder -rrb- recognizes her name .
throughout the 1970s , bowie was a trailblazer of musical trends and pop fashion .
in short , money has not just economic value , it has cultural value as well .
she has now exploded into the public consciousness with an album and a huge hit single , show das poderosas , which topped the charts and attracted 52 million youtube views .
a night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night , or the period in which they work .
also , there ’ s a bit of nostalgia there .
driverless cars have been in the headlines ever since google began road testing the vehicles back in 2012 but no-one really knows when driverless cars will become commonplace .
“ in all three groups we find evidence that well-being is lowest in chimpanzees and orangutans at an age that roughly corresponds to midlife in humans , ” weiss said .
that ’ s where axani ’ s new travelmate , a 23-year-old student from cole harbour , nova scotia , came in .
you also need a strong sense of personal ethics and an understanding of the law .
since independence , botswana has had one of the fastest growth rates in per capita income in the world .
sadomasochism 12 % of females and 22 % of males reported having an erotic response to a sadomasochistic story .
the sinister background noise is doubly disturbing because the government tries so hard to preserve a jaunty air of business as usual .
at least three craters were subsequently discovered , according to the ministry of the interior , and were being monitored by the military .
the index shows that the fastest ageing countries – jordan , laos , mongolia , nicaragua and vietnam , where the number of older people is predicted to more than triple by 2050 – fall into the lower half of the ranking , suggesting that policymakers need to tackle ageing head-on if they are to adequately support their populations .
honours mitsuko uchida was appointed honorary commander of the order of the british empire -lrb- cbe -rrb- in the 2001 new year honours .
he likens it to an extension of the lungs in that the user is taking a deep breath and then using it underwater .
education also has the advantage of being a “ portable ” asset .
and an injustice can go viral .
piles of digitized material – from blogs , tweets , pictures and videos to official documents such as court rulings and emails – may be lost forever because the programs needed to view them will become defunct , google ’ s vice-president has warned .
in the uk , 15m tonnes of food is lost or wasted each year .
psyche appears to be a genuine case of an exposed metallic core from a larger differentiated parent body .
electrobike , which operates 30 stores in mexico , opened its first american store in venice beach , california in the autumn of 2014 and hopes to grow to 25 us stores in a year .
they have already produced some surprises .
he also revealed his disdain for and distrust of some sections of the media and described how his father constantly reminded him to behave more like a member of the royal family .
without us , they would struggle that much more. ” littman says it can be hard for outsiders to realize that there are people struggling to get by in a place known the world over for its excess .
the great man stares northwards across the square at an almost sheer mountainside in front of him .
in addition there are 10 ground-level stations and four above ground .
apple ’ s greatest conjuring trick is to take something that already exists in the market – downloads ( itunes ) , digital music players ( the ipod ) and smartphones ( the iphone ) – and adapt it to make it irresistible to the mainstream consumer .
“ but it ’ s a bit late for that and way too silly , ” said cardew .
captive longevity is 20 to 30 years , with rare accounts of over 40 years , reports of a individual living to 40 years in philadelphia zoo .
coupled with the aggressive expansion and expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods .
as the number of tigers has increased over the years , so have incidents of conflict with villagers .
artistically , bowie was powering ahead .
between them , india ’ s rich hold assets worth a trillion dollars , which is around a fifth of the total wealth in the country .
the moon is very elongated , with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis .
some of the characters are fully fictional , although they may have been based on actual persons .
we are very focused on the communication and sharing possibilities , ” says iguchi , who has worked in the japanese tech industry for 20 years , most recently developing a location-based phone app called sekai camera .
i think it will come round again but it will take time. ” goldsmith , 69 , also revealed that he has teamed up with robin de levita , the dutch producer of the who ’ s 1970s rock musical tommy , at a new 1,100-seat theatre in wembley , which is due to be finished in time for the first stage adaptation of the phenomenally successful teen book and movie series the hunger games in june 2016 .
to aid the valuation process , the architects have monitored the housing lettings in nearby cities over a period of years , and “ tagged ” the homes in kiruna with the assets they possess , from internal space and gardens to proximity to bus stops and the city centre .
employees on zero-hours contracts often get no holiday or sick pay and have to ask permission before seeking additional work elsewhere .
leicester is officially the largest city in the region and the largest conurbation is the nottingham urban area .
she said studies show that countries suffer low levels of investment and growth as workers are forced to survive on a smaller share of total incomes .
with approximately 77 million members , the anglican communion is the third largest christian communion in the world , after the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches .
there , it is mixed with water to create steam that turns energy- generating turbines .
since one luxury hotel chain admitted lying about the provenance of ingredients on its menus , japanese media have served up almost daily revelations of similar transgressions by restaurants run by well-known hotels and department stores .
the determined child tries sending him a letter and firing a note via bow and arrow , before floating him a present of a telescope tied to balloons , which finally enables them to make contact .
the storm weakened over land on august 26 to a tropical storm , but regained strength to hurricane status at 2:00 a.m. edt -lrb- 0600 utc -rrb- , approximately one hour after ending its passage through florida and entering the gulf of mexico .
do not generalize the situation , ” said hayatou , president of the confederation of african football for more than 25 years .
although margaret chan , director general of the world health organization , gave the ihme study a warm official welcome , some of the staff are cautious .
a cafe and some other businesses largely occupy the location of the fort , and the rue saint antoine passes directly over it as it opens onto the roundabout of the bastille .
reports on russian state television and in local media suggested that the meteorite was engaged by local air defence units and blown apart at an altitude of more than 15 miles .
kerberos protocol messages are protected against eavesdropping and replay attacks .
' ” “ i think it ’ s inhumane .
he is out there recycling , in the last place we threw out our rubbish . ”
history the district was created in 1994 by merging the two previous districts riesa and großenhain .
while this might sound like an exaggeration , the threat was actually , if anything , understated .
but the senators suggested it had implications for the privacy of americans ’ communication .
although alpha , beta , and gamma are most common , other types of decay were eventually discovered .
the country ’ s naming laws have come under increasing fire in recent years : in 2013 , blær – “ light breeze ” – bjarkardóttir rúnarsdottir won the right to be officially known by her given name , as opposed to “ girl ” , when a court ruled that denying her was a violation of the icelandic constitution .
“ the idea of murder is represented a lot in the brain , ” gallant said .
on discovering france makes no refrigerators ( apart from wine coolers ) or televisions , but is big in aeroplane seats and windmills , he sighs and says : “ great .
the prisoners sentenced to incarceration were transferred to spandau prison in 1947 .
the gentoo penguin , pygoscelis papua , is easily recognized by the wide white stripe extending like a bonnet across the top of its head .
charles gant , film editor for heat magazine , says the indications are it is heading in the right direction. ” skyfall was a brilliant strategic move , ” he says .
global coal consumption is forecast to reach 4.3bn tonnes of oil equivalent by 2017 , while oil consumption is forecast to reach 4.4bn tonnes by the same date .
but will tourists feel welcome ?
mukesh ambani , the country ’ s wealthiest man , has built the world ’ s most valuable home in mumbai , the commercial capital .
a commander of the army ’ s most sophisticated attack helicopter , the prince said he had fired on the taliban during operations to support ground troops and rescue injured afghan and nato personnel .
franklin delano roosevelt -lrb- january 30 , 1882 – april 12 , 1945 -rrb- , often referred to by his initials fdr , was the 32nd president of the united states .
gao ping , who had lived most of his adult life in spain , had a monopoly on supplies to 4,000 chinese bazaars across the mediterranean country .
best before is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product , in contrast with use by and best by which indicate that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date .
the carbon footprint of food produced and not eaten is estimated at 3.3 gigatonnes of co2 , meaning that , if food waste were a country , it would rank as the third highest national emitter of greenhouse gases after the us and china .
mitchell revealed only the name of the manuscript , from me flows what you call time , during a ceremony in the norwegian woods next to where paterson ’ s 1,000 trees are planted .
much of the province lies in the plain of the arno river and has thus become an exurban sprawl around the city of florence .
“ most of those ideas turned out to be completely wrong. ” the spanish team started their work after a group of cavers stumbled upon two skeletons in a deep and complex cave system high up in the cantabrian mountains of northwest spain in 2006 .
this is , instead , approximated by peer support such as online discussion forums. ” while this may mean that online study is unattractive or difficult for someone without high-level qualifications , it does , he says , suggest that moocs could be “ a really good tool for continuing education. ” at a time when the number of part-time students has fallen sharply as the price of a degree rises , could this type of open and free-to-access course provide a new path to university-level education ?
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
external links on a fad diet of rock dust , how the garden does grow henry homeyer , june 24 , 2004 , new york times .
“ food waste is happening in countries where people can afford to throw away food .
but there is a small percentage of millennials who don ’ t use social media at all .
but , if i make that rule , they walk down the block to a bar with smoking .
even then , maybe there ’ s construction equipment that wasn ’ t there but is there now .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
in 1971 , experienced scottish sailor dougal robertson and his family were sailing to the galápagos islands from panama when their boat was sunk by killer whales .
within an hour , the numbers had swelled from hundreds to thousands outside the palace , with locals and tourists alike keen to share in the historic moment .
the controversial auction of a banksy mural that disappeared from the wall of a north london shop in mysterious circumstances was dramatically halted just moments before it was due to go under the hammer .
“ in some situations , the computations say you can completely offset the air conditioning. ” buildings warm up in a number of different ways .
they get an assurance it is not being grown with chemicals and is not grown by big business. ” opinion polls show healthy eating ( 55 % ) and avoiding chemical residues ( 53 % ) are key reasons cited by shoppers for buying organic produce .
villeneuve-loubet is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southeastern france .
now , however , the search-engine firm is embarking on what might be the most significant update to centuries of polar cartography – and one it hopes will help provide a better understanding of life on the permafrost for millions of web users .
“ like mourinho , i always want to win .
they were provided with a laptop computer and instructed how to ensure their homes , shops and meeting places would show up accurately on the map .
some live on in modern europeans today .
economy up to the 20th century nidwalden was dominated by agriculture .
but the dutch capital may lose its reputation for tolerance over plans to dispatch nuisance neighbours to “ scum villages ” made from shipping containers .
amjid gulzar , 26 , said abdullah could search for truth and reconciliation as well as encouraging foreign visitors .
most of the time i think we ’ d be very thankful not to be in someone else ’ s head . ”
that is a 35-year increase in the mean age of death over four decades .
“ it is an important moment in the life of our nation but , i suppose , above all , it is a wonderful moment for a warm and loving couple who have got a brand new baby boy .
concern over the intelligence committee ’ s bill was expressed by independent legal experts , who said the stage was now set for a showdown with the usa freedom act , a bill introduced by leahy and jim sensenbrenner that would prohibit bulk collection of americans ’ telephone records .
the rpg-26 aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the soviet union .
there is no future for us romantically .
etymology the first person who used the term " seidenstraße " -lrb- literally " silk road " -rrb- was the german geographer ferdinand von richthofen in 1877 .
over 6,000 navvies were hired for up to two years building , blasting and clearing rubble beneath the south downs to create clayton tunnel .
so , what is driving the desire to look upwards ?
it had been intended to build the line past walthamstow central to wood street -lrb- walthamstow -rrb- , where it would surface to terminate next to the british railways station .
six years later , in the summer of 2011 , as violence engulfed london and spread to birmingham , nottingham , liverpool and manchester , so effective was blackberry messenger ( bbm ) at mobilizing the rioters that politicians called for the service to be temporarily shut down .
i have to realize there are some things out of my control. ” 5 pepper spray after police sprayed peaceful protesters with pepper spray at a university of california campus in 2011 , one of the scientists who helped develop it in the 80s denounced its use .
people send us pictures of them , framed and laminated .
he discovered a number of asteroids , including notably the trojan asteroids 617 patroclus and 624 hektor .
“ their psychological and physical condition is not like other children in society .
in são paulo , which had seen the fiercest clashes the previous week and the main allegations of police violence , large crowds gathered once again but initial reports suggested the marches passed peacefully .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
jewelers often refer to their craft as metalsmithing , and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing , jewelry and blacksmithing under the auspices of their fine arts programs .
thyme retains its flavour on drying better than many other herbs .
“ i came pretty close but never quite got it. ” in an interview in 2001 , he said : “ if t-bone walker had been a woman i would have asked him to marry me. ” but he would also cite the earlier blues guitarists blind lemon jefferson and lonnie johnson and the jazz players charlie christian and django reinhardt .
sarah greene , a uk uncut activist , said funding for refuges and rape crisis centres faced cuts unless companies paid their fair share of tax .
estimates of annual sales range from about 50,000 to 175,000 .
globally , the average was about 3.9mbps .
once we stop maintaining a city , nature takes over very quickly .
thatcher , who was 87 , had been in declining health for some years , suffering from dementia .
“ the cuts we have witnessed are a false economy , a huge mistake , ” said poulopoulos .
the council will pay for ten unemployed locals to take intensive english lessons , board a cheap flight and look for jobs elsewhere in europe .
after a series of mini-strokes in 2002 , thatcher withdrew from public life , no longer able to make the kind of waspish pronouncements that had been her forte in office – and beyond .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter -lrb- possibly stubs -rrb- and of lesser quality .
the charity national trust , which employs many of its seasonal workers on zero-hours contracts , said it offered the same pay and benefits to those workers , pro rata , as full-time staff , but needed some workers to be on a more flexible arrangement .
his exploration led to the founding of the modern town of iqaluit , which is the seat of government as well as a transport and communications hub for nunavut .
since 1987 , the heavy rail passenger mass rapid transit -lrb- mrt -rrb- metro system has been in operation .
china ’ s peng shuai also said the heat had caused her to cramp up and vomit , and she had to be helped from the court after her 7–5 , 4–6 , 6–3 defeat to japan ’ s kurumi nara .
rents and car insurance have never been so high and mortgage lending rules have been tightened for the young but not for older buy-to-let investors , who squeeze out the young , ” he said .
it is the first study to demonstrate clear and wide-ranging differences between organic and conventional fruits , vegetables and cereals .
the scans showed that reward circuitry in the children ’ s brains behaved more normally after a snort of oxytocin , being more active when the person was looking at faces and less active when viewing the inanimate cars .
“ we need to wait to be persuaded by evidence. ” his colleague dr tiers boerma , director of the who department of health statistics and informatics , added : “ people should understand that some of the numbers are very different and the who can ’ t jump with any academic publication that states a different number. ” however , said mathers , “ the fact that ihme has pushed the envelope with some of these analyses is stimulating ” .
my third job is events catering and nobody ever tips .
at present , the warnings cover at least 30 % on the front and 40 % on the back .
according to ofcom ( the office of communications ) , around 66 % of adults in the uk owned a smartphone in 2015 , up from 39 % in 2012 , making gps technology widely available .
although there has been no fall in crime rates , between 2011 and 2012 there was a 6 % drop in sweden ’ s prisoner population , now a little over 4,500 .
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine .
for systems using digital signal processing , developers may use a math workbench such as scilab / scicos , matlab / simulink , eicaslab , mathcad , or mathematica to simulate the mathematics .
the good news , the researchers wrote , is that these “ potentially infectious agents ” are not spreading sickness or disease throughout new york but rather seem to be “ normal co-habitants ” and “ may even be essential ” .
even then it was initially rejected for its potential to undermine the traditional skills of forensic scientists and pathologists .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
eureka is a city in woodford county , illinois , united states .
a few days after his appearance at the freddie mercury tribute concert at wembley stadium in april 1992 , bowie married the somalian model iman and the couple bought a home in new york .
rc4 was initially a trade secret , but in september 1994 a description of it was anonymously posted to the cypherpunks mailing list .
instead , she choreographs her own moves based on five tapes from the bbc ’ s first ever fitness guru , eileen fowler , who died in 2000 when she was 93 , allen ’ s age now .
there are now resident packs in virtually all the country ’ s major forests .
the name perth has hence been used for a number of other settlements around the world .
my advice is to go to your protected areas and experience what you are missing. ” why natural sounds might be calming to people is unclear but fristrup speculates that , over millions of years of evolution , we may have come to associate the more tranquil sounds of the natural world with safety .
the first parallax measurement of the distance to alpha centauri is published by thomas henderson .
which , if i ’ d hazard a guess , is probably the same demographic huffington is targeting her book at .
“ you don ’ t have to have any artistic talent but what you create is unique .
and the challenge has been blamed for causing a water shortage on the scottish island of colonsay after its 135 inhabitants picked up on the craze .
i do not feel heat. ” but they decided to go ahead , watched by a record 8 million people as the jump was streamed live on youtube .
the cyclone continued tracking northwestward , making landfall around 0000 utc on september 22 near fort walton beach , florida with winds of 35 mph -lrb- 55 km / h -rrb- .
“ even people born here and living in athens , who have their own places on the island , aren ’ t coming. ” kakali has badgered the government and a major greek bank into promising an atm within weeks but she still feels it may come too late for this season on an island where tourism dwarfs the two other sources of income : fishing and agriculture : “ we have almost no reservations in august , when usually we have people calling us up asking to find a room and we can ’ t help them. ” a hard winter ahead may be slightly improved by 50 workers billeted in the village to expand the harbour but there is an even bigger crisis looming because the government has said it will end a decades-old tax break for islands .
“ i saw that , on one side , these social movements were building alternatives but that they lacked resources and communication capacities , ” he said .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
rumours and conspiracy theories , however , swirled in the first few hours after the incident .
it crossed the florida peninsula that night , causing the issuance of numerous severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings .
“ some rwandans like ice cream , but it ’ s a new thing .
only one compartment had a light that came on above the lever .
abhay gupta , the ceo of brand consultancy luxury connect , said the market for top-end goods and experiences would “ only get bigger ” .
cocoa was an important commodity in pre-columbian mesoamerica .
the mountain range forms the border between both countries for 150 kilometers , extending from the western border of saxony to the elbe river .
while obama easily beat off the challenge from his republican opponent mitt romney , holding swing state after swing state , the election provided yet another reminder of just how divided america remains .
unlike henry iii , agnes proved incapable of influencing the election of the new popes , stephen ix and nicholas ii .
the technique allows the detection of injuries such as lesions and blows often undetectable during a traditional autopsy , as well as air pockets , heart attacks and even cancer .
they circle in groups overhead and perch on the city ’ s most emblematic buildings – the decrepit , colonial-era churches and crumbling eighteenth-century piles in the city centre .
he dismisses the notion that the bbm curfew urged by some mps would have stopped the looting .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb- .
there are profit margins at every step and small farmers are not necessarily well placed to bargain with the bigger traders , ” says david hallam , trade and markets director at the un ’ s food and agriculture organization .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
one and the same question : if my ri ﬂ e killed people , does that mean that i , mikhail kalashnikov , 93 years of age , the son of a peasant , christian and orthodox by faith , am responsible for people ’ s deaths , even if they were enemies ? ” 4 electronic tagging the electronic tag was originally conceived in the 1960s as a way of tracking former prisoners ’ attendance at schools and workplaces , and rewarding them for good behaviour .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
footage showed frightened japanese supporters rushing from the area holding their children , as the sound of shots – perhaps rubber bullets or tear gas – was heard .
this was named by the english , but the megalithic mound significantly predates them .
“ i like the way he speaks , ” says sandra murray of dubuque , iowa .
the sat reasoning test -lrb- formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test -rrb- is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
the last time there were so many people here during the daytime , the pope was visiting .
asia the last western satrap , rudrasimha iii , is defeated by the guptas .
think of that next time you pour it into your tea. ” he said that the basic premise behind nordic food lab was : “ nothing is not edible. ” insects are critical to life on earth and , with more than a million species , are the most diverse group of creatures on the planet , yet they are misunderstood , hated and often put to death by humans just because they are there .
“ politicians say all sorts of things and expect us to go along with it .
the fert group first saw the large effect in multilayers that led to its naming , and first correctly explained the underlying physics .
after 1627 , king louis xiii of france introduced the seigneurial system and forbade settlement in new france by anyone other than roman catholics .
“ the power of education frightens them .
the dominant food species were equines -lrb- equus ferus -rrb- and red deer -lrb- cervus elaphus -rrb- although other mammals ranging from hares to mammoth were also hunted , including rhino and hyena .
biography nikodinov is the daughter of bulgarian immigrants and speaks bulgarian fluently .
at the beginning of the twentieth century , life expectancy in the uk stood at around 47 years of age for a man and 50 for a woman , a number heavily affected by the very high rate of infant mortality in those days .
some were very pale and many of them fainted , ” she said .
“ but much of this rests on laying the foundations to good-quality relationships earlier in life . ”
kosuke morita , who led the research at riken , said his team now planned to “ look to the uncharted territory of element 119 and beyond. ” jan reedijk , president of the inorganic chemistry division of iupac , said : “ the chemistry community is eager to see its most cherished table finally being completed down to the seventh row. ” the japanese team is believed to be considering three names for ununtrium : japonium , rikenium and nishinarium , after the nishina center for accelerator-based science , where the element was found .
there may also be claims from malaysia , where large numbers of people were detained during the 12-year war with communist insurgents and their supporters that began in 1948 .
michael thali , the director of zurich ’ s institute for forensic medicine in europe , and one of the inventors of virtopsy , said it had the potential to revolutionize criminal investigations .
the brown beer bottle , which had been in the water for 101 years , was found in the catch of konrad fischer , a fisherman , who had been out in the baltic sea off the northern city of kiel .
he is fascinated by these aloof canines who remained in the wild 33,000 years ago when others decided on a much more comfortable existence as domestic dogs .
“ many work on the farm , or tending the crops , and what they get in return – when the fish are fully grown after 90 days – is fish .
following heraclius , the title commonly became the greek basileus -lrb- gr .
today , we get the first sampling of the scientific treasure collected during those critical moments and i can tell you it dramatically surpasses those high expectations. ” the observations also indicate hydra ’ s surface is probably coated with water ice .
environmentalists estimate that 150 million tonnes of plastic waste currently litters the planet and oceans , poisoning ecosystems and killing wildlife .
“ a problem aired is a problem shared and sometimes you need to talk to someone impartial and independent of your friends and family , ” says hughes .
steck , he says , was planning to climb everest ’ s west ridge , first done in 1963 , descend to the south col and then immediately climb lhotse via a new route , all without fixed ropes .
because the neck is not externally visible , the head and body appear to merge together .
there is also the issue of methane excreted by cows .
we digitize things because we think we will preserve them but what we don ’ t understand is that , unless we take other steps , those digital versions may not be any better , and may even be worse , than the artefacts that we digitized , ” cerf says .
“ when i was training in medical school , it wasn ’ t something you learned or knew about .
helene transitioned into a " hybrid " storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon , with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric , frontal-like appearance .
the name is thought to be derived from greta river in cumberland , england .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb- .
google has flown a small team to iqaluit , the largest town in the canadian territory of nunavut , armed with their warmest winter gear , a stack of laptop computers and an 18kg backpack- mounted telescopic camera .
the itunes store arrived in 2003 ( 2004 in europe ) at a time when mp3 piracy seemed insurmountable .
if amazon is to be believed , not far at all .
in the experiment , tonagawa ’ s team placed the mice in a chamber and allowed them to explore it .
what he has done for this club and for the game in general will never be forgotten .
given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths , vampire squid must use innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to conserve energy .
“ money is memory for a country and its people , ” said the bank of england governor .
joseph chamberlain -lrb- 8 july 1836 2 july 1914 -rrb- was an influential british businessman , politician , and statesman .
as a c-type , it is probably composed of carbonaceous materials .
climate tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 ° celsius -lrb- 104 ° f -rrb- in summer , often reaching as high as 47 ° c -lrb- 117 ° f -rrb- .
the world shares him and london claims him but stratford-upon-avon intends to spend 2016 celebrating william shakespeare as their man : the bard of avon , born in the warwickshire market town in 1564 , who died there 400 years ago .
30 seconds to mars has received three awards from four nominations .
a 2014 report by akamai technologies found average internet connectivity speeds to be around 10.5mbps in the us and 23.6mbps in world-leading south korea .
after the mutiny following the indian mutiny of 1857-58 and the consequent abolition of the east india company , its european regiments were amalgamated in 1860 with the british army , but its ‘ native ’ regiments were not .
...
but , by 2012 , the downton effect had begun to take the pressure off .
on the club supporters ’ website , reaction to costa ’ s appointment was a mix of surprise and a certain cynicism .
the leaders of wealthy countries , he went on , need to start to think more like traditional navigators who recognize their vessels are mere specks in an enormous sea .
universities keen to entice fee- paying international students onto postgraduate courses by showing off their best programmes online ?
the document is recent , dating to april 2013 .
however , according to pollsters at yougov ’ s brandindex , starbucks has suffered the deepest damage to its image .
he also became a disc jockey , presenting a show on a memphis radio station .
if you search for something on amazon , you ’ ll be hounded by targeted banners for similar products on other sites .
drawing on advances in hydroponics ( growing plants without soil ) , the facades of a growing number of libraries and offices , shops and hotels are bursting into flower .
he commanded the 25th punjabis in india and hong kong and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1910 .
“ we will see ever- smarter machines which are very , very task specific , but the big breakthrough will be when they are able to tune in to what you might be thinking and what you might be wanting to achieve , ” he said .
the us-based international union of pure and applied chemistry ( iupac ) , the global organization that governs chemical nomenclature , terminology and measurement , verified the elements on 30 december , 2015 after poring over studies dating back to 2004 .
r.m. urquhart , scottish civic heraldry , london , 1979 on the abolition of the district council in 1996 , the arms reverted to the crown .
the last mummy film grossed over $ 102 million in the usa and over $ 400 million worldwide .
recently , dutch fans at psv eindhoven launched a vehement protest against the introduction of wi-fi in their stadium , holding up banners with messages like “ no wi-fi .
“ it ’ s crazy , really , having it at midnight – the police must have more important things to do at night than be called to sales .
the rotational period of the interior of uranus is 17 hours , 14 minutes .
when victims had alcohol in their blood , the police then checked to find if they had criminal records .
i think people will think it is really cute. ” among those fighting for attention in the flurry of christmas ads was sister chain , waitrose , which launched its christmas ad online on social media ahead of a tv debut during the x factor .
“ farmers across the developing world are increasingly relying on and benefiting from small-scale , locally-relevant water solutions .
snl is one of the longest-running network programs in american television history .
san francisco bay is located in the u.s. state of california , surrounded by a contiguous region known as the san francisco bay area , dominated by the large cities san francisco , oakland and san jose .
the seattle-based company has applied for its brand to be a top-level domain name ( currently “ .com ” ) , but the south american governments argue this would prevent the use of this internet address for environmental protection , the promotion of indigenous rights and other public interest uses .
“ we believe that it ’ s possible to export energy to europe but , first , we would have to build the interconnectors which don ’ t yet exist , ” said maha el-kadiri , a masen spokeswoman .
the long-term answer in california ’ s desert is likely to be the abandonment of some cities while consolidating the populations of others .
depression , along with drug and alcohol abuse , has risen dramatically .
the rats were trained to press a lever when a light went on above it .
hurricane dog caused extensive damage to the leeward islands , and was considered the most severe hurricane on record in antigua .
at home in haworth parsonage , charlotte and the other surviving children — branwell , emily and anne — began chronicling the lives and struggles of the inhabitants of their imaginary kingdoms .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
most winners ( 59 % ) give up work straight away , but 19 % carry on doing the day job and 31 % do unpaid voluntary work .
palembang is the capital city of south sumatra province of indonesia .
rainfall comes only 2-3 times a year , never exceeding 20 mm .
maria miller , the minister for women and equalities , said : “ the cmi figures are yet another damaging example highlighting that , in the world of work , women still lose out to their male counterparts and that the playing field is far from level .
she made her debut in series 3 's " smith and jones " , broadcast in the uk on 31 march 2007 .
the fire threatened the loy yang power station , particularly the station 's open-cut coal mine .
he is released back into the wild , now with more adult feathers , and a tracking device strapped to his back , and leads the humans home to his native colony .
crunchy , full of protein and to be found under a rock near you .
among the review ’ s revelations was the fact that some waiters are charged up to a 15 % administration fee on tips they are left by credit or debit cards .
people lacking qualifications who want to use moocs as a bridge to higher education ?
the prototype of the invention – which is still in the initial stages of testing individual parts – looks like a cross between a scuba mouthpiece and a water bottle .
ten have been closed .
doctors are delighted at the move .
geography the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
created to help island communities survive when they were suffering mass emigration , a lower sales tax contained the costs of living in places where everything had to be imported and made tourism more affordable .
the tribunal de grande instance in nanterre , paris granted an injunction ordering the gossip magazine closer to hand over digital files of the pictures within 24 hours and preventing it disseminating them any further , including on its website and tablet app .
after the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last installment rocky v , stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth installment which would be a more appropriate climax to the series .
the cheerful , largely peaceful mood was far from the protests , transport chaos and stadium problems that plagued preparations for the world cup .
then , there was the first television debate , where he insulted fox news moderator , megyn kelly , because she asked him difficult questions .
others argue that outright victory by either side is unlikely and hope for a political solution imposed from abroad .
such a leak is extremely rare in the history of the nsa , which prides itself on maintaining a high level of secrecy .
fan said that the mirror could cool buildings – or other objects – simply by putting it in direct contact with them .
united nations career lie led the norwegian delegation to the united nations conference in san francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the provisions of the united nations security council .
the state covers an area of 74,122 sq mi -lrb- 191,976 km ² -rrb- , or 5.83 % of the total geographical area of india .
to help ease the resumption of services after the storm passes , cn also issued an embargo with the association of american railroads against all deliveries to points south of osyka , mississippi .
plot captain caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- is a firefighter in albany , georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
anthony mcgill is the principal clarinetist for the metropolitan opera .
“ but , what people don ’ t realize is that there is that service industry .
it serves as an original source of information about the topic .
then you attempt dr izumi tabata ’ s training protocol – 20 seconds of all-out effort , 10 seconds of rest , repeat eight times – and between sounding like darth vader as you desperately suck in oxygen and collapsing in a messy bundle of sweat and defeat , you realize just how wrong you were .
“ you never know , ” said yarrell .
in addition , the station provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of the other grand slam tournaments .
a small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl , traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a chashaku , then a modicum of hot -lrb- not boiling -rrb- water is added .
these optional movements were known as galanteries : common examples are the minuet , gavotte , passepied , and bourree .
that ’ s why we don ’ t want the cull. ” thousands of people protested on beaches in the cities of perth , sydney and adelaide , and at beaches in victoria and queensland .
we are nowhere near thinking this is a ready treatment .
her tail was flapping wildly and , at first , i thought it was a display but , then , i twigged : maybe she ’ s angry .
without it , his blood would have boiled and his lungs might have exploded .
“ the great thing about the original films was that they created a huge universe of characters and possibility that sparked the imagination of viewers , ” he said .
studies have shown that the results of lab techniques to measure car emissions can easily be fixed by using techniques such as taping up doors and windows to minimize air resistance , driving on unrealistically smooth roads and testing at improbably high temperatures .
“ we were looking for ways to involve not just the authorities but also citizens to generate environmental awareness , ” hernandez says .
pontedera is an italian industrial town in tuscany , italy , in the administrative province of pisa .
but , in a recent interview , she described the need for identity to be self-defined .
in his first speech as pope – humbly disclaiming his fitness for the task – benedict said : “ i am consoled by the fact that the lord knows how to work and how to act , even with insufficient tools. ” at some point in the last eight years , it would seem , he ceased to believe that was true .
it has a depth of approximately 18 inches -lrb- 46 cm -rrb- on the sides and 30 inches -lrb- 76 cm -rrb- in the center .
however , pressure on the accord to contribute to the payment of displaced workers has ratcheted up after a rival factory-safety group backed by us retailers including walmart and gap , the alliance for bangladesh worker safety , set aside $ 5m to help pay factory workers for up to two months while work is carried out on the buildings it has identified as needing improvement .
“ i ’ m an architect but i have been unemployed for six months .
“ but we operate 100 % non-profit and we will never lose our social justice aspect . ”
handles may be wood or plastic ; ferrules are metal -lrb- usually nickel-plated steel -rrb- .
the archetypal pencil may have been the stylus , which was a thin metal stick , often made from lead and used for scratching in papyrus , a form of early paper .
some members of ingoma nshya are widows , some orphans .
the uk stopped distribution of the €500 note in 2010 on the grounds that demand for it was “ almost entirely for criminal purposes ” .
according to lady fiona carnarvon , the huge global success of downton has funded a rolling programme of building repairs aimed at safeguarding highclere for the next generation .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
finally , i got a call from the main ofﬁce in washington .
“ one of the deep mysteries to me is our logo , the symbol of lust and knowledge , bitten into , all crossed with the colours of the rainbow in the wrong order .
that doesn ’ t take away the physical achievement of what i did .
it also ships the flatbread to finland , germany , sweden and the us , primarily for consumption by diaspora communities .
since poland 's accession to the european union , a significant number of poles have emigrated to western european countries such as the united kingdom , germany and ireland in search of work .
“ his condition isn ’ t good , but he ’ s getting better , ” said ola fjeldstad , a norwegian anthropology student doing research on the isolated ebon atoll , part of the marshall islands archipelago .
but king and his family of six children could not get the right food to eat .
“ what can produce a sense of well-being or contentedness that varies across the lifespan like this ?
they got much the same results , only people found the experience even more miserable and cheated by getting up from their chair or checking their phones .
this was the heyday of mtv and bowie ’ s knack for eye-catching videos fuelled this commercial splurge , while the six-month serious moonlight tour drew massive crowds .
the uk government has delayed a decision on whether to follow australia by introducing standardized packaging until there is evidence that such measures cut tobacco use .
for half a million dollars a year , you could solve most of them. ” climate change is another matter .
the news was announced to the country by the current president , jacob zuma , who , in a sombre televised address , said mandela had “ departed ” around 8.50pm local time and was at peace .
“ it is a tool like no other , ” said michael tinmouth , a social media strategist who has worked with brands such as vodafone and microsoft .
this may be seen in the demand to remove the chief of staff of the austrian army , alfred jansa , from his position in january 1938 .
in 2011 the same high court judge , mr justice mccombe , rejected the government ’ s claim that the three claimants should be suing the kenyan government as it had inherited britain ’ s legal responsibilities on independence in 1963 .
the international union for conservation of nature and natural resources -lrb- iucn -rrb- is an international organization dedicated to natural resource conservation .
“ we have to do much more and it needs the participation of public and private sectors , ” he says .
wwf ’ s living planet index ( lpi ) 2014 seemed to confirm that grim picture , with statistics on the world ’ s wildlife population that showed a dramatic reduction in numbers across countless species .
“ the bottom line is quite thin , ” she said .
“ it would be difficult to make the kind of money that the report talks of .
the charity wateraid will also set up water kiosks around the site , stocking reusable bottles and cups , and offering free refills .
we became complacent that the pharmaceutical industry would continue to stay ahead of the game .
she adds that people living in slums face threats of eviction , police raids and displacement .
15 the wing myth for many years , we taught the wrong explanation for the way wings keep planes in the air .
there is a clear tourist trade to be made from the birdlife of doñana .
what they found inside was a tale of adventure and unlikely survival to rival the blockbuster book and film life of pi : an emaciated man with long hair and a beard , who claimed to have been drifting for 16 months after setting out from mexico , more than 12,500km away .
influences regional at the end of the 12th century europe was divided into a multitude of city states and kingdoms .
but are the country ’ s prisons a soft option ?
riluzole does not reverse the damage already done to motor neurons , and patients taking the drug must be monitored for liver damage and other possible side effects .
“ economic growth really is critical , but not just any old growth , ” shepherd said .
when south africa became a republic in 1961 , pretoria remained its administrative capital .
since the birth , she rarely sees her university friends and her partner works most evenings .
they can be distinguished from butterflies in several ways .
the test run for the iqaluit mapping exercise occurred last summer in cambridge bay , a much smaller nunavut town of about 1,500 people located 1,700km and a time zone west of iqaluit .
we think it was john d white for docutel in the us. ” even better for goodfellow , his achievement has been officially recognized in the latest edition of a 180-page guidebook called life in the united kingdom .
i find it hard to believe she ’ ll be able to get the players ’ respect , above all when she ’ s the same age as the oldest , ” wrote one fan .
the large turnout and geographic spread marked a rapid escalation after previous , smaller protests against bus price increases led to complaints that police responded disproportionately with rubber bullets , tear gas and violent beatings .
andrew harper , a local conservative councillor , laughed when asked whether some of the derelict housing could become affordable homes .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
“ they can eat dead animals because their metabolism protects them from viruses and bacteria , ” he says .
we ’ re hoping to make inroads into that. ” the new law would apply to anybody over 18 who has lived in wales for at least the year before his or her death .
multiple operations in pakistan and the uk followed the attack on the bus , including the fitting of a titanium plate on her left forehead and a cochlear implant to restore her hearing .
it was a small step away from the capsule , but a 24-mile drop back down to earth .
figaro then arrives and tries to initiate the beginning of the wedding festivities , but the count stops him and asks who wrote the anonymous note given to him by basilio .
although the meanings of the words “ share ” and “ like ” are essentially the same , facebook has brought an entirely new weight to the terms .
in wealthy countries , there are low levels of unintentional losses but high levels of “ food waste ” , which involves food being thrown away by consumers because they have purchased too much or by retailers who reject food because of strict aesthetic standards .
“ at the most , we ’ ll pay £15 to £25 plus reimbursement for , say , a meal for two or a hotel stay .
thought to be the world ’ s oldest message in a bottle , it was presented to erdmann by the museum that is now exhibiting it in germany .
it shows some moves towards healthier diets in recent decades , with shifts to low-calorie soft drinks , from whole to skimmed milk and increasing consumption of fresh fruit .
“ natural predators balance the ecosystem .
it was developed from farming land during the 1990s and early 21st century , and sits between the historic villages of mangotsfield and downend .
“ all of this should be taken as an indication of what is possible with two graduate students and limited resources , ” said mutchler , who argues that the findings should make policymakers think twice before authorizing mass surveillance programmes .
before her husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 she was known as the duchess of york .
packagekit is an open source and free suite of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems .
“ you get used to the job being disgusting but the emotional side of it is still hard. ” you learn not to take your work home with you , he says .
in 1970 , eddy merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse while winning the stage .
the panel ’ s report sustained the allegation made in parliament that the orchestrated changing of junior officers ’ statements by senior south yorkshire police officers amounted to a “ black propaganda unit ” .
the year is 1925 and there are already the first rumblings of the economic storms that will blight the end of the decade .
coat of arms the coat of arms of the municipality are taken from the garbani , or garban family for its french and northern american branch , originating from the village and whose certain members illustrated themselves as magistrates and swiss statesmen .
the exhibition , by me , william shakespeare , will include his will , the court papers relating to the audacious move when shakespeare and his fellow actors dismantled a theatre on the north side of the thames and rebuilt it as the globe on the south bank , and accounts showing payments from the royal treasury for boxing day performances for james i and queen anne .
most of the time the helicopter acted more as a deterrent , he said .
the album was fueled by the single " fat lip " , which reached the top position on the billboard modern rock chart , making it the band 's most successful single .
practical applications of the new elements , if any , are a long way off because of the difficulty in synthesis . ”
by 2073 , the infrastructure on the mountain could include a helipad on the south col , bringing tourists breathing bottled oxygen .
it was directed by australian baz luhrmann and stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the eponymous roles .
a canadian man who sprang to fame after offering a free round-the-world trip to a woman with the same name as his ex-girlfriend has returned from the jaunt with his chosen namesake , although , to the dismay of those following the story , love did not blossom between the pair .
as temperatures climb and oceans warm , tropical and subtropical regions will face sharp changes in annual rainfall , says the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) report , released in stockholm and published online in september .
furthermore , a study in november 2013 suggested the “ pause ” may be largely an illusion resulting from the lack of temperature readings from polar regions , where warming is greatest .
worst thing about the job : when you are called in to test the security of a new customer ’ s network only to discover that they have already been the victim of a data breach .
“ they ’ re both only just in the chart now , ” hayles said .
in 1939 , singer marian anderson was denied permission to perform in the constitution hall in washington , because of her race .
how did sleep , something humans have done since long before huffington awoke to it , suddenly become so fashionable ?
support the team , ” “ you can sit at home , ” and “ stand united ” , while manchester united have also told fans to leave their “ large electronic devices ” at home , prohibiting filming on tablets this season .
the multimillion-pound project would feature a hotel and draw in 100,000 people a year , four times the number currently able to use the observatory .
an international agreement to improve safety in bangladesh ’ s clothing factories is facing the threat of legal action as factory owners demand compensation for the cost of closures and repair work .
eventually , even if you ’ ve fooled it for a while , the signals from the diaphragm are just too strong and you have to give in – and take a breath .
“ because it ’ s been so difficult , i ’ ve been going on holiday and enjoying it. ” sue green , of saga , a business that sells insurance and products to the over-50s , said the majority of parents may not have planned to have their children living with them well into their 20s or 30s .
what he didn ’ t expect was that the labradoodle – and its other poodle-cross variants , many of which have health problems – would become so popular .
“ i think it ’ s great .
she is number 34 .
the other 20 % of cash went into a pot for the commis waiters and service bar .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
in trials , the second rat responded correctly to the imported brain signals 70 % of the time by pressing the lever .
and it ’ s this that iguchi , a japanese entrepreneur , hopes may be google ’ s achilles ’ heel .
instead of the 20-30 % aspirational target , the iucn ’ s new official position is to “ urgently increase the ocean area that is effectively and equitably managed in ecologically representative and well-connected systems of mpas [ marine protected areas ] or other effective conservation measures by 2030 ; these should include strictly protected areas that amount to at least 30 % of each marine habitat and address both biodiversity and ecosystem services. ” tua pittman was delighted with the news that a strong resolution on the planet ’ s oceans had passed the congress .
1 pop-up parks today ’ s cities sometimes look like they ’ re built more for cars than people .
a variation of the mai style of japanese dance is the kyomai or kyoto style dance .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
he farmed the money out to social activists , funding speaking tours against capitalism and tv cameras for a media network .
“ often , we don ’ t want to reveal those drafts ; that would be embarrassing and confusing .
wildlife authorities captured a tiger in chitwan after it killed two people , including a villager who was pulled from his bed in may .
redmond says the mouthpiece feels similar to using a snorkel .
it is situated 44 miles -lrb- 71 km -rrb- northeast of pittsburgh , along the east bank of the allegheny river .
“ it would have a major impact on the labour force. ” london has about 22,000 licensed black cabs and conyon estimates that the total number of people who drive taxis for hire in the uk is about 100,000 .
indications approved indications for codeine include : cough , though its efficacy in low dose over the counter formulations has been disputed .
he urged the audience to interact with people with different political beliefs : “ seek out people who don ’ t agree with you and it will also help you to compromise. ” obama also said : “ you should feel encouraged social attitudes are changing .
campaigners say that car makers also use tricks such as programming vehicles to go into a low emissions mode when their front wheels are spinning and their back wheels are stationary , as happens in such lab experiments .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
“ i live nearby but luckily i wasn ’ t there , ” recalled munir , a university lecturer .
in 1996 , the symbol cp was proposed for copernicium , or element 112 , but it was swapped to cn when scientists complained that cp referred to another substance .
it is understood that the couple delayed making the announcement immediately so that they could enjoy some private time with their newborn .
the man who has produced and worked with most of the western world ’ s biggest music stars , from the who , the rolling stones and queen to madonna , bob dylan and luciano pavarotti , said the biggest problem was a dire lack of major new bands to succeed the old ones .
for danae ringelmann , co-founder of indiegogo , the “ gravity light ” is a perfect example of how meritocratic crowdfunding can be and how it can test an entrepreneur ’ s idea .
their name derives from the name of the mountainous region in the north of algeria , which they traditionally inhabit .
you ’ ve got to embrace it . ”
but have we reached “ peak vape ” ?
she was also instructor in declamation there .
archbishop desmond tutu , who headed the truth and reconciliation committee after the fall of apartheid , said : “ he transcended race and class in his personal actions , through his warmth and through his willingness to listen and to empathize with others .
the victims had their blood tested for alcohol levels .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
in popular music , a side project is a project undertaken by one or more persons already known for their involvement in another band .
it is by these means – the prevention and treatment of illnesses caused by microorganisms – that the real war against disease is principally won .
data collected by ofcom ( the independent regulator and competition authority for the uk communications industries ) suggests that , between november 2012 and january 2013 in the uk , 280 million music tracks were digitally pirated , along with 52 million tv shows , 29 million films , 18 million ebooks and 7 million software or games files .
wyden would not comment on the washington post report on the google and yahoo intercepts .
other options to feed people include eliminating waste and increasing trade between countries in food surplus and those in deficit .
in 1975 these two districts were merged to form today 's district .
the older population in sri lanka today is benefiting from good basic education and health care – those countries made certain policy choices .
the term country code frequently refers to international dialing codes , the e.164 country calling codes .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
the depth of consumer mistrust of mcdonald ’ s was exposed by a consumer outreach exercise the company launched in the us in october .
“ for the first time since the late 1990s , there were fixed ropes on all three mountains .
technologies and trends that reduce the need for those trips – say , virtual meetings or telecommuting – could also have a big impact on transportation .
other generalizations of the main conjecture proved using the euler system method have been obtained by karl rubin , amongst others .
the first minaret was constructed in 665 in basra during the reign of the umayyad caliph muawiyah i. muawiyah encouraged the construction of minarets , as they were supposed to bring mosques on par with christian churches with their bell towers .
one security guard working on the avenue said it was exasperating to see so many tens of thousands of square feet of property – enough to house dozens of people – falling apart .
if you like mushrooms , you ’ ve eaten so many worms you can not imagine .
inzozi nziza has become a hub for tired students looking to treat themselves to something cool and different .
despite studies suggesting that longer hours in the office or workshop or on the factory floor do not necessarily make people more productive , today ’ s workers are still nursing a collective hangover from the bubble years of the 1980s .
we wish them all the happiness and blessings parenthood brings. ” the archbishop of canterbury , the most rev justin welby , tweeted : “ delighted for the duke and duchess of cambridge .
in canada ’ s arctic , summers are marked by a bright light that bathes the treeless tundra for more than 20 hours a day .
“ in this world of two-way conversations , advocacy , influence and engagement are the new rules for brand-building .
notably absent from the city are fortifications and military structures .
one likely reason for the relatively low reoffending rate and the low rate of incarceration in sweden ( below 70 per 100,000 head of population ) is that the age of criminal responsibility is set at 15 .
“ the mental thing is key and that ’ s often down to people ’ s situation in life and how used they are to dealing mentally with hardship. ” stories of survival in the vast pacific ocean are not uncommon .
she described herself as open-minded , too .
over the past 20 years , for example , the desert has grown by more than 260 acres around the trading and religious centre of chinguetti , which has seen its population decline from 20,000 people in the mid-twentieth century to just a few thousand now .
everything bowie touched turned to gold .
“ it ’ s all about thoughtful gifting and going the extra mile for someone you love at christmas , ” she said .
“ in a place like brazil , the speed of change is so fast that most institutions are ill-equipped to deal with it , ” murray said .
moundou is situated on one of the main roads in southern chad .
“ that , combined with these large swathes of pollution , is kind of alarming. ” the astronaut said he could see entire systems of pollution : smoke clouds from wildfires that covered parts of the us , sections of asia with continuous , visible pollution nearly all year round .
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
organizers say that almost half of all the rubbish left on site was recycled in 2013 and add that there will be 15,000 bins for recycling across the festival grounds in 2014 .
really , it is a fantasy world , based in a particular time in history .
i was thinking simply that people like me would like to do it .
also , the thing he said about being a good leader and finding great talent. ” later , obama met jeremy corbyn , who said they had an “ excellent ” 90-minute discussion .
he has helped revive the use of two deterrents that , for reasons no one quite understands , wolves find particularly scary : red bunting ( hung around sheep pens ) and the bark of the fluffy white tatra mountain sheepdog .
and this needs to consider both the advantages and disadvantages in practice for businesses and employees. ” retailer sports direct recently became the focus of controversy on zero-hours when it emerged that the company employs around 20,000 of its 23,000 staff on the contracts .
following widespread news coverage of the costs of new and refurbished stadiums , the confederations cup football tournament has been one of the focuses of the protests .
picasa web albums was first leaked on june 6 , 2006 .
in australia , a tv anchorman apologized over his robust “ no , thanks ” response to being nominated .
catching and killing sharks longer than three metres began after a number of shark attacks on western australia ’ s coast .
it can be disgusting and there is no room for mistakes. ” job satisfaction : “ i ﬁnd it immensely satisfying to know that i am helping people to increase their incomes and allowing girls to attend school by replacing the need to collect ﬁrewood , ” says paudel .
in may , chun declared martial law and did away with all trappings of civilian government , becoming the de facto ruler of the country .
it was 1795 before the british navy adopted lemons or lime as standard issue at sea .
“ and we are not using lakes that are cornered off , where the fish absorb all the toxins in the lake .
the average age in india is 27 ; it is 47 in japan .
facebook has also changed the ways journalists write stories .
he went straight into a board meeting with fellow board members at his charity , a ticket forward .
for a person to be inducted to the hockey hall of fame , they must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee which consists of hockey hall of fame members and media personalities .
we want to learn from them and adapt them as quickly as possible .
memories of experiences we have had are made from several elements , including records of objects , space and time .
the story of tristan and isolde is a quintessential romance of the middle ages and the renaissance .
the fbi refused to confirm reports they were asked to investigate .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
“ if they are doing this , they are doing it without our knowledge , ” one said .
“ people are used to very low rents and very high incomes but , in future , this will have to change. ” lk has agreed to compensate residents to the value of their homes plus 25 % but many locals say this is not enough to afford a new-build house at market rates .
his actions , he said , were in the vanguard of a worldwide debate on the economic crisis .
menthol and other flavours will be banned from 2022 , but , in a blow to the uk government , meps decided that most electronic cigarettes , increasingly popular as alternatives to tobacco products , need not be regulated in the same way as medicines .
“ there ’ s a common understanding that there ’ s a dip in well-being in middle age , ” alex weiss , a psychologist at edinburgh university , told the guardian .
daniel waters also gained recognition for his screenplay , which won a 1990 edgar award .
it passed the committee by an 11-4 vote , paving the way for a full senate vote .
although much of his work , and arguably nearly all the best of it , was firmly within the discipline of the blues , bb king was always open-minded and interested when he found himself in other settings , bridging musical and cultural differences with affability and skill .
it follows a paper , published in 2014 , in which he noted that , when children are around ten , their biological wake-up time is about 6.30am ; at 16 , this rises to 8am ; and , at 18 , someone you may think of as a lazy teenager actually has a natural waking hour of 9am .
oxfam said the world ’ s poorest could be lifted out of poverty several times over if the richest 100 billionaires would give away the money they made in 2012 .
“ it will be essential to reduce uncertainty surrounding the conduct of fiscal policy by raising the debt limit in a more durable manner , ” she said .
a few years later , in 1840 , general zorawar singh invaded baltistan , captured the raja of skardu , who had sided with the ladakhis , and annexed his country .
if she looks like the type of person who wants to buy socks , they will show her adverts for socks .
it is an opportunity , say the architects , for kiruna to “ reinvent itself ” into a model of sustainable development , attracting young people who wouldn ’ t have stayed in the town before , with new cultural facilities and “ visionary ” things such as a cable car bobbing above the high street .
the school icon is an eagle symbolizing courage and determination .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
“ the people who come here are rich and famous but we who live here are not , ” says maria , who works 14-hour days in the summer cleaning mansions but goes months without any work at all in the winter .
“ if you build a big house and try and sell for £30m to £40m , it won ’ t sell , ” he said .
his misadventures are often fueled by his immature mannerisms and his love of food .
america has it pretty good – everyone tips .
the sahara pump theory is a hypothesis that explains how flora and fauna left africa to penetrate the middle east and then europe and asia .
he also said that many bacteria of the same genus as those “ that are beneficial and helpful , like the one used for making cheese , ” also turned up around new york .
as a newly qualified doctor in the late 1990s , i learnt about methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus – the infamous mrsa – a bacterial species resistant to methicillin and all other penicillins .
“ one of the things we have talked about is forgetting decisions and moving on , ” he explains .
“ but , with the bottle and the document , this is certainly the oldest at the moment .
“ we have more women entrepreneurs .
“ but i don ’ t think i would ever say i ’ m absolutely , 100 % done , ” he added , noting the sudden successes of private spaceflight companies such as spacex .
“ in order to have wolves , we don ’ t need to remove people from the landscape , ” said chapron .
japan ’ s hashima island was turned into a concrete city in 1887 to exploit undersea coal reserves – but , in 1974 , with coal supplies nearing depletion , the mine was closed and hashima was abandoned .
plotting the po box addresses would result in a map with firms , banks and schools clustered around the canada post building in the centre of town .
swift said that , despite the hype , john lewis had stuck to the same strategy for the last five years .
supporters of bolivia ’ s position praised it for standing up for the rights of indigenous people .
among his published works were peace , a lyric poem -lrb- 1814 -rrb- ; resignation -lrb- 1817 -rrb- ; the triumph of christianity -lrb- 1819 -rrb- ; and the soldier 's friend -lrb- 1828 -rrb- .
growing global populations and the relentless pursuit of unsustainable development are reducing the ability of our ocean to sustain life. ” in spite of the effort and urgency behind the pacific islanders ’ message to the delegates of the congress , much of the final days of the marine part of the congress were taken up with trying to set a revised target for the amount of the ocean that needs to be protected in marine sanctuaries .
“ people know that someone is rich and someone is poor and they carry on with their lives , ” he explains .
it is an incredibly special moment for william and catherine and we are so thrilled for them on the birth of their baby boy .
it was the highest rescue yet performed on everest and highlights the exponential rise in helicopter flights in recent years .
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
liam has taught us some techniques for releasing that decision .
singapore ’ s gardens by the bay has a small copse of them .
“ the ultimate objective given by his majesty the king is mecca. ” whether that ambition is achieved remains to be seen but exporting solar energy could have stabilizing effects within and between countries , according to the moroccan solar energy agency ( masen ) .
“ the big difference between scotland and poland is that we eat pork .
but , this was very different – i wrote up to the wire .
after the release of a promotional single , glory to the brave was released throughout europe .
but , under the terms of the agreement , bolivia was given 25 years to implement the ban .
the most common side effects of taking methylphenidate are nervousness and insomnia .
on the other hand , it limits your ability to grow beyond that. ” top republican pollster , frank luntz , believes trump speaks for voters who , for the first time , feel as if they have a mouthpiece and like the fact that they feel like they are being heard .
each year , 1.3bn tonnes of food , about a third of all that is produced , is wasted , including about 45 % of all fruit and vegetables , 35 % of fish and seafood , 30 % of cereals , 20 % of dairy products and 20 % of meat .
but , after being introduced to education at one of sohay ’ s centres , she now goes to a state primary school .
“ all-powerful is a woman who doesn ’ t need to be beautiful , but she has so much attitude that she is marvellous , she is powerful .
i am grateful that i am healthy and i really want to prevent other people being injured .
on a single day recently , it had 330,000 .
“ it shows the importance of getting innovation right .
later , he studied art , music and design .
these are books for adults .
in 2006 , the irish designer completed a scuba-diving course and loved the feeling of being able to breathe underwater and observe fish in their natural environment .
she previously coached benfica ’ s male youth teams , the qatar women ’ s team , which she led to its first international victory in 2012 , and , more recently , the iranian women ’ s national side , which she left in september 2013 .
thal is one of the ten districts of the canton of solothurn in switzerland , situated in the centre of the canton .
but i shan ’ t be writing to buckingham palace . ”
people who define themselves as white were in the minority for the first time in the most recent census in 2010 .
the winter solstice occurs at the instant when the sun 's position in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the other side of the equatorial plane from the observer 's hemisphere .
leicester ’ s museums ’ service is working on plans for a new visitor centre in an old school building overlooking the site .
she happily recalls a doctor who saw her for the first time a few years back , who said she couldn ’ t possibly be more than 78 : “ i said , 'thank you , doctor .
august 22 hurricane bill weakens to a category 1 hurricane .
“ yoga is an invaluable gift of india ’ s ancient tradition .
i know it ’ s a lot to ask but it would allow us to all share in the experience together. ” with her love of theatrics and opulent costumes , bush ’ s keenness to stop fans uploading grainy footage to youtube could also be an attempt to keep the show a surprise for the thousands of fans who have purchased tickets for the 22 dates she is playing .
“ what a morning .
“ although dogs ’ palates are different from ours , taste is an important quality check to ensure each different ingredient is perfectly balanced in just the right way , ” says philip wells , the chief taster for lily ’ s kitchen pet food .
the seven papers published by the lancet represent a big undertaking and are not without controversy .
it is a resource many reporters can not now live without .
goya submitted entries for the royal academy of fine art in 1763 and 1766 , but was denied entrance .
too many families are experiencing 'two steps forward , one step back ' , where they struggle to recover from personal or bigger setbacks .
with the economy in bad shape and social unrest on the rise , she faces a serious political challenge , both now and in 2014 , when brazil will not only host the world cup but also have a presidential election .
now that you ’ ve had the merger of global communications , i think you ’ re going to have a lot more challenges spying on foreigners with implications for us citizens , ” wyden said .
the roof is plastic held up by a crooked tree trunk and the desks just a jumble of cast-off chairs , but the students inside the chemin des dunes school are studying with the same intensity you would find in a seminar at oxford university .
new research from the international energy agency ( iea ) shows that coal consumption is increasing all over the world – even in countries and regions with carbon-cutting targets – except in the us , where shale gas has displaced coal .
but piscedda , who belongs to the democratic party of the prime minister , matteo renzi , denies he is facilitating a brain drain and believes that the people he is sending away may well return “ and give me back 100 times what they were given ” .
“ i do sometimes wish people understood the time and effort we put in .
the bcg matrix -lrb- aka b.c.g. analysis , bcg-matrix , boston box , boston matrix , boston consulting group analysis -rrb- is a chart that had been created by bruce henderson for the boston consulting group in 1970 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines .
“ it ’ s the environmental equivalent of putting a shopping centre right in the middle of the alhambra , ” said noelia jurado , who uses her multimedia expertise to campaign against the complex .
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard et al .
the law allows for the targeting of any customers of participating firms who live outside the us , or those americans whose communications include people outside the us .
benedict ’ s own account of his reasons makes it clear that he took into account not only his physical , but also his psychological condition : “ in order to govern the bark of saint peter and proclaim the gospel , both strength of mind and body are necessary , strength which in the last few months has deteriorated in me to the extent that i have had to recognize my incapacity to adequately fulfil the ministry entrusted to me. ” other theories will no doubt swirl around the vatican in the days and weeks ahead , just as they did following the death of pope john paul i in 1978 , 33 days after his election .
“ the whole issue of climate change has to do with our economy of production and consumption being out of balance with what the earth can provide , ” says van otterdijk .
“ if you fly commercial airlines , often they ’ ll say , ’ oh , a component has failed – we have to go back to the gate , ’ ” singh said .
the mesolithic man , who lived in spain around 7,000 years ago , had an unusual mix of blue eyes , black or brown hair and dark skin , according to analyses of his genetic make-up .
few senior american economists agreed with keynes through most of the 1930s .
on the afternoon of september 30 , laura had acquired enough tropical characteristics to be designated a tropical storm .
for 14 years , sohay , a grassroots non- governmental organization ( ngo ) funded by the global fund for children and comic relief , has been working in slum areas of dhaka to get child labourers into school .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
harnesses with hammers and gloves strapped to their belts swing by their sides .
“ the poor woman who was second in the queue was pushed out by a crowd of youths .
“ the main causes of disability are different from the ones that kill you , ” he said .
though not popular , herring roe is sold within many british supermarkets .
the volcano culminates at 1,060 metres , and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter .
it was also on the london sunday times best-seller list for more than four years .
we do need to make sure we are encouraging these businesses to invest in our country as they are , but they should be paying fair taxes as well. ” a spokeswoman for starbucks said : “ while the subject of tax law can be extremely complex , starbucks respects and complies with tax laws and accounting rules in each of the 61 countries where we do business , including the uk – a market that we remain committed to for the long term .
but , weekly consumption of chips , pizza , crisps and ready meals has soared .
lack of paid work ( hence savings ) , less decision-making power in the family and vulnerability to violence contribute towards the disadvantage many women face in old age .
with an area of 11,980 km ² and 1.3 million inhabitants , upper austria is the fourth-largest austrian state by land area and third-largest by population .
as well as comfortably winning more than the required 270 electoral college votes , he also secured a higher share of the popular vote .
the possibility remained that liquid ethane and methane might be found on titan 's poles , where it was expected to be abundant and stable .
but the als association has now been forced to withdraw an attempt to patent the phrase “ ice bucket challenge ” after criticism .
“ the first night after i was arrested was the biggest wake-up call of my life , ” he says .
additionally , the bill allows the nsa to continue surveillance begun on foreigners outside the us if they enter the country 'for a transitory period not to exceed 72 hours ' .
this was the first use of franklin to name a tropical storm following the retirement of hurricane floyd of the 1999 season .
“ people look at the hamptons as some sort of rich town and there ’ s no problems going on .
some academic journals do refer to wikipedia articles , but are not elevating it to the same level as traditional references .
samuel ’ s other airborne companions have been given more evocative names : capitan huggin , capitan fenix ( named after the mythological creature that rises from the ashes ) and capitana aella ( “ whirlwind ” ) .
for the past ten years , the us national park service has recorded sound levels at more than 600 sites across the us , including yosemite in california , yellowstone and denali in alaska .
the results highlight the extraordinary power of telephone metadata – the number called , when and for how long – particularly when it is paired with public information available from services such as google , yelp and facebook .
she said the lecturer had been sagan and she had asked him if he thought humans would land on mars in her lifetime .
6 water-producing billboard we live in a consumer world .
combined oral contraceptive use reduces the risk of ovarian cancer by 40 % and the risk of endometrial cancer by 50 % compared to never users .
the average spend of a music buyer in the uk in 2014 , for example , was just £39.52 , according to research .
despite the slowdown , there are nearly a sixth more indians worth in excess of $ 3.75m than in 2013 , the report for the kotak mahindra bank notes .
in the stunning gardens lining the lake ’ s green slopes , visitors can have their picture taken against one of asia ’ s prettiest backdrops .
an example of such a scheme is ethiopia ’ s productive safety net programme that allowed thousands of vulnerable households to withstand drought without having to curtail education spending .
6 the ofﬁce cubicle in the late 60s , a new form of ofﬁce was launched , designed to give workers privacy and increase productivity by providing more work space .
in india , lamborghini sells two models : the gallardo and the aventador , which has a top speed of 217mph .
allen thinks her good health is largely down to keeping busy , especially since her husband joe died in 1997 .
niccolò machiavelli , author of the prince , also witnessed and wrote about the execution .
e-bikes are banned in some states , including new york , although the law isn ’ t strictly enforced .
but these are all temporary things that give nothing beyond that little bit of money for a few months .
“ and i still have my doubts about the ongoing maintenance costs , ” he says .
5 facebook makes news , breaks news and decides what is news roughly 71 % of 18- to 24-year-olds say the internet is their main news source and 63 % of users overall , according to the pew research center .
it is hard , however , to avoid the question on everyone ’ s mind : will there be a battle for damascus – the world ’ s oldest continually inhabited city , as the guidebooks say – like the one that has so damaged aleppo ?
the public can help themselves to it for free .
the weight is attached to the light , lifted to a height of about 2m , and while it is allowed to slowly fall to the ground it will generate enough power for half an hour of light .
attendance dropped by more than 100,000 from 6.58 million to 6.48 million .
if they have a big nose , they will be coerced into getting rhinoplasty , ” said arraes .
the two reports from the who – one on the prevalence of violence , the other offering guidelines to healthcare staff on helping women – are the work of dr claudia garcia-moreno , lead specialist in gender , reproductive rights , sexual health and adolescence at who , and professor charlotte watts , an epidemiologist who specializes in gender , violence and health , from the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine .
a woolly rhino in chauvet cave seems agile and young , a creature full of life .
parts of the city already feel like a war zone : its ritziest hotel is eerily deserted though many rooms are being used as offices by international agencies drawn by the deepening crisis – blue helmets and flak jackets piled up on persian carpets in an ornate reception room , white un vehicles parked behind the blast barriers outside .
almost all weapons , vehicles , and interactive objects can be placed and moved on maps with forge .
he ’ s been fantastic for this club and i hope all the fans give whoever ’ s going to come in the same support that he gets . ”
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
it couldn ’ t be any more 2015 if it tried .
this government is capable of turning back the clock. ” being a wolf advocate is not easy .
but it is understood the couple want proceedings brought against the editor of closer , which published the photos on friday , and whoever took the images of the couple sunbathing at the chateau , which belongs to lord linley , son of the late princess margaret .
however , it is important to highlight that safety issues are a very highly weighted factor within the ’ basket ’ so any small adjustments can have a big impact on the ranking. ” auckland in new zealand was the highest ranking english-speaking city in the survey , in third place , followed by vancouver in fifth .
could an entire degree be taught via moocs ?
instead of sweet-smelling flowers , the south-facing facades of the zero-carbon apartment complex are laced with green-tinged algae .
“ to stand and just be looking at it through your phone is a completely wasted opportunity .
“ over the last three years alone , our company has paid more than £160m in various taxes , including national insurance contributions , vat and business rates. ” margaret hodge , who chairs the public accounts committee , told parliament last month that apple , ebay , facebook , google and starbucks had avoided nearly £900m of tax .
a competitive breakfast menu , improved coffee and free wi-fi had given mcdonald ’ s a broad appeal in the uk , said peter martin of consultancy cga peach whose figures show that 56 % of british adults have visited a mcdonald ’ s restaurant at least once in the last six months .
for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .
most of the brands in the top 100 are us-owned , the highest-placed non-us brands being south korea ’ s samsung ( 6th ) , japan ’ s toyota ( 8th ) and germany ’ s mercedes-benz ( 10th ) .
while he will become a united director and ambassador , the club will now have to find someone to replace a man who has won 13 english premier league titles , two champions leagues , the cup winners ’ cup , five fa cups and four league cups .
she works as a medical receptionist nearby so she wants to stay in the area .
now , however , questions are being asked about whether she – or her marketing team – have gone too far in re-tailoring her image to attract a more lucrative demographic .
“ you can ’ t even sing because you ’ re too busy taping , ” beyoncé told him .
“ the english are 86 % by population of this union .
among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of all snakes .
but , the brain atlas in its current form does not capture fine differences in word meanings .
boosted by the newly arrived revenues from britain ’ s north sea oil fields , thatcher had room to manoeuvre and change the ageing industrial economy and she used the opportunity to defeat her enemies – including moderate members of her own party .
and this man is involved in getting investment from uk to africa , and he was very excited about telepathy , that it would be a way of educating people about africa , of showing them other people ’ s point of view. ” this is iguchi ’ s fondest hope – that seeing somebody else ’ s literal point of view will help you to see their metaphorical point of view .
a saddle is a supportive structure for a rider or other load , fastened to an animal 's back by a girth .
it requires a lot of skills and changing people ’ s mindsets because selling and eating ice cream is not part of our culture .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
some of the retailers i shop at win awards for customer service and i think that is down to us mystery shoppers .
“ a lot of the performance venues were already starting to show that consideration to performers so i wish the city would have just let that happen instead of forcing the ban into every corner bar that doesn ’ t host music , ” says zalia beville , manager of the all ways lounge , which went smoke-free in 2013 because , she says , “ the horn players and the singers , they asked us for it. ” luckily , all ways has an outdoor patio , unlike lost love lounge , whose owner , geoff douville , loves the ban – he ’ d previously felt forced to live with smoke to keep his bar financially viable .
an average cloud would take a year to fall one metre .
“ the family of the potential donor has a major role to play in organ donation .
eleven of the 18 trees also boast solar panels along their ’ branches ’ .
the heat sink has to be cooler than the object that needs cooling or it will not do its job .
while it is difficult to track the global impact of antibiotic resistance across all bacterial species , the world health organization estimates that for tuberculosis alone multi-drug resistance accounts for more than 150,000 deaths each year .
“ the staff and i have been pretty sad .
the trouble will come when talks move to detail , with the republicans wanting to protect military spending while the democrats seek cuts .
the largest by far is triton , discovered by william lassell just seventeen days after the discovery of neptune itself .
but their numbers have dropped to about 3,000 , a 95 % drop over a century .
“ in this case , that period has been extended to over 50 years despite the fact that the key decision makers are dead and unable to give their account of what happened. ” friday ’ s historic victory for paulo muoka nzili , 85 , wambugu wa nyingi , 84 , and jane muthoni mara , 73 , was the result of a three-year battle through the courts .
he handed it to a soldier , who then took the notice , which was signed by marcus setchell , the queen ’ s gynaecologist , to buckingham palace under police escort .
the attraction of the imported whisky was that no one who attended the wedding would find out how to source the same drink in india , the report adds .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery , and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
lima has black vultures or gallinazos .
libpurple has support for many commonly used instant messaging protocols , allowing the user to log into various different services from one application .
the stanford mirror was designed in such a way that it reflects 97 % of the visible light that falls on it .
to sponsor something is to support an event , activity , person , or organization financially or through the provision of products or services .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
noli me tangere was finished in berlin , germany on march 29 , 1887 .
research published by the homeless charity shelter showed half of tenants were unable to save a penny towards a deposit , while a quarter could only put by £100 or less each month .
he is especially known for his series the knickerbocker gang and his stories about the talking bike tom turbo .
on average in europe , wolves live on land with a population density of 37 people per sq km , lynx in areas with a population density of 21 people per sq km and bears among 19 people per sq km .
it had maximum sustained winds of , and a minimum pressure of 1002 mbar .
this scenario can be best understood by looking at responses to the question : “ are there any of these candidates you would definitely not support for the republican nomination for president ? ” while 20-30 % of voters say they would support trump , another 20-30 % say they definitely would not .
for three-and-a-half years , all pupils at st ninian ’ s primary have walked or run a mile each day .
i am truly grateful to all of them .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
the bridge now traverses the tarn valley above its lowest point , linking two limestone plateaux , the causse du larzac and the causse rouge , and is inside the perimeter of the grands causses regional natural park .
the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop .
but a growing appetite for traditional crops and booming health-food and gluten-free markets are breathing new life into the grain , increasingly touted as ethiopia ’ s “ second gift to the world ” , after coffee .
magdy adib ishak-hannah , an egyptian-born private healthcare mogul , whose personal wealth is £45m , said he was in the minority of permanent residents .
they said they would never have been involved in such a program .
although subject to legal disputes over several decades , eon now has full control of both books .
we believe it was luther george simjian .
farmers in europe , israel and australia have also experimented with it .
sullivan admits he ’ s made mistakes .
she was a totally different dolphin ; the anger had gone .
the alu is a fundamental building block of the central processing unit -lrb- cpu -rrb- of a computer , and even the simplest microprocessors contain one for purposes such as maintaining timers .
the vc was introduced on 29 january 1856 by queen victoria to reward acts of valour during the crimean war .
the st andrew , also called the badge-appendant , is worn suspended from the collar .
“ to overcome this challenge , sonjag started working closely with the community in the slums where the children live. ” the organization talked to community members about why it was important to get children into school .
pompeii was transformed into a much more public and open place .
a word consists of a root and a grammatical ending .
two and a half men is an american television sitcom , which premiered on cbs on monday , september 22 , 2003 .
we can do it was the brainchild of felicia nordström , a bar worker who says she was fed up with bearded beer snobs telling her : “ what do you know about beer , sweetie ? ” she approached female and they teamed up with ocean , a local independent micro-brewery .
“ but it gives me some satisfaction that people can come , have a nice time , and go back . ”
but , the word “ top ” activates many other regions .
air india , the national carrier , has also said it will introduce yoga for trainee pilots .
the outgoing globe director , dominic dromgoole , recently jokily claimed shakespeare as a true londoner – albeit conceding “ some spurious claim ” by stratford-upon-avon .
but ministers insist there will be safeguards .
meanwhile , those still driving cars are dealing with less traffic thanks to waze .
and , we are not producing a new generation of these kind of acts – the likes of the rolling stones , muse , even the arctic monkeys – that can headline. ” there were about 900 music festival events in the uk between may and september 2014 , he said , and there is no way they can all continue .
the team , led by professor carlo leifert at newcastle university , concludes that there are “ statistically significant , meaningful ” differences , with a range of antioxidants being “ substantially higher ” – between 19 % and 69 % – in organic food .
“ the reply we had from luxembourg is that they simply issue the notes requested and have no explanation for the reasons behind the demand , ” macleod says .
“ real driving emissions ( rde ) is a totally new regulation that will force significant emission control hardware changes that may be demanded in the middle of a vehicle ’ s production lifetime , ” said cara mclaughlin , a spokesperson for the european automobile manufacturers association ( acea ) .
vladimir mikhailovich jurowski -lrb- ; born april 4 1972 , moscow , russia -rrb- is a russian conductor .
they consult weekly , discuss how his games have gone , study footage of key decisions and work out how to improve .
a considerable amount of research has been put into designs that avoid these delays as much as possible .
naming the mountain derives its name from the german words matte , meaning meadow , and horn , which means peak .
it seems an image of human tenderness that sudan is lovingly guarded by armed men who stand vigilantly and caringly with him .
however , twofish has seen less widespread usage than blowfish , which has been available for a longer period of time .
other members of the ecb ’ s top team , such as yves mersch , contend there is no evidence about the criminal uses of the €500 note .
“ and elin has found the way .
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
troposodon minor sthenurus oreas simosthenurus occidentalis -lrb- another sthenurine -rrb- was about as tall as a modern eastern grey kangaroo , but much more robust .
a large proportion of block ciphers use the scheme , including the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .
but not everything will be saved .
meanwhile the kli has about 20 of those former beginners ' grammarians .
bagnotar is bounded by the following union councils , to the north by sarbhana , to the east and to the south by namli maira , and to the west by bagh .
it contained the single where are we now ? , which gave him his first uk top 10 hit since 1993 .
maybe telepathy makes that shorter .
showering strips the skin of its own oil and bacteria – which , many would argue , is the whole point of showering – but , apparently , this sometimes works a little too well , especially when you add hot water and cleansing products to the mix .
rather than focus solely on mainstream acts , revolver introduces many acts that are not played on the radio or on mtv .
he had already cut down shakespeare ’ s mulberry tree , under which the writer is said to have sat and worked , because he was irritated by all the tourists peering into his garden .
but , a suspicion of criminality is not enough to keep people in custody .
the retailer has spent £7m on a campaign that ranges from the slick tv ad to a smartphone game and merchandise , including glow-in-the- dark pyjamas , as well as areas decked out like the surface of the moon in 11 stores .
the first generator -lrb- no. 22 -rrb- in the south side of the dam started working on june 11 , 2007 .
from 1911 on , rij-rousseau exhibited her works in salon d ' automne , salon des indépendants and salon tuileries .
in 1974 he was tried and acquitted of participating in the raid that rescued baader .
nearly 32m e-bikes were sold in 2014 , the vast majority in china , where they are primarily used for transportation .
eyde harnessed the power of the 100-metre rjukanfossen waterfall to generate hydroelectricity in what was , at the time , the world ’ s biggest power plant .
“ the polygraph has been around since the 1920s and , by measuring physiological stress induced by anxiety , you can get to 60 .
frederick hubbard " fred " gwynne -lrb- 10 july 1926 2 july 1993 -rrb- was an american actor .
the declines are sustained .
dhakal said that a parallel survey was conducted in india and the results from both countries will be published later in 2013. ” it will take a few more months for india , which now has 1,300 big cats in several huge protected areas , to finalize the data , ” he added .
well , for one thing , she has “ nine or so ” assistants , according to a recent new york times profile .
the first thing he did when the experiment ended was invite his friends around for the evening to enjoy “ a plate of cheese and listen to the david bowie album aladdin sane ” .
“ the canoe is our island , the crew members are the community and the navigator is the leader , ” pittman says .
presley ’ s long-time manager , colonel tom parker , admitted to him over tea , he said , that the real reason why goldsmith ’ s attempts to bring the singer to london had failed was parker ’ s own uncertain immigration status .
the magazine ’ s editor , rachael jolley , said : “ existing copyright laws don ’ t work in the digital age and risk criminalizing consumers .
the age of the big british summer music festival , including glastonbury , is drawing to a close , according to the leading rock promoter and manager harvey goldsmith .
cameron bright as jimmy / leech : a mutant boy whose power neutralizes the powers of nearby mutants .
lazenby only lasted a single film , while dalton ’ s two efforts , the living daylights and licence to kill coincided with a period in the late 80s when the 007 movie had been thoroughly eclipsed by more aggressive , slickly produced hollywood action movies .
staff believe that in the middle of the night , while the aquarium was deserted , inky clambered to the top of his glass enclosure , down the side of the tank and travelled across the floor of the aquarium .
all of the office 95 products have ole 2 capacity — moving data automatically from various programs — and powerpoint 7 shows that it was contemporary with word 7 .
mcdonald ’ s has a bigger menu than some , with more complicated items – its chicken mcwrap takes 60 seconds to make .
the method has been under development for decades , with the scientists behind it first housed in an unheated laboratory on a university campus where they were considered a bit of a laughing stock .
you need water to digest protein .
however , unlike the moon , it has a large iron core , which generates a magnetic field about 1 % as strong as that of the earth .
striding on stage , donald trump had a surprisingly humble confession to make for someone defying all the laws of political gravity .
your heart sinks .
“ it matters very much , ” said moira austin of the anaphylaxis campaign .
adopting a vegetarian diet is one option to increase the amount of water available to grow more food in an increasingly climate-erratic world , the scientists said .
“ the opportunity to go abroad to learn about the workplace and experience other cultures can be very worthwhile .
young adults aged 16 to 24 are voracious consumers of almost all media .
“ this was a real attempt at subversion of the legislative process. ” after timmerman ’ s apparent rejection of the acea proposal , the regulation will now pass to commissioners for a rubber stamp , and member states for final amendments , before an expected introduction in september .
the big mac ppp exchange rate between two countries is obtained by dividing the price of a big mac in one country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- by the price of a big mac in another country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- .
not only does it transform the lives of friends and family , but each win has a measurable effect on the uk economy , especially with so much of it being spent in the uk .
those born in october were almost as fit , scoring highest for strength and coming third for power , with december children close behind .
carle ’ s conclusion : “ it ’ s not entirely possible or even desirable to live 100 % made in france , particularly in terms of new technology .
he was then provisionally suspended alongside the uefa president , michel platini , over an alleged £1.3m “ disloyal payment ” to the frenchman .
“ one wolf reached the netherlands , where unfortunately it was hit by a car .
in the fall of 2006 , cavergno and bignasco were incorporated into the municipality , despite an attempt by bignasco to resist the incorporation in the courts .
the survey comes amid a major demographic shift : by 2050 , there are expected to be two billion people aged 60 and over , who will comprise more than a fifth of the world ’ s population .
artificially raising oxygen levels and reducing carbon dioxide levels before a breath-hold , as in the birmingham radiotherapy experiments , may work by delaying fatigue in the diaphragm .
nowadays , its lowest point , piazza san marco ( only three feet above sea level ) is inundated with water approximately 100 times annually .
paris has suffered the biggest fall in the most recent rankings .
“ in all , the park could support in the region of 45,000 permanent jobs .
the secretary of the south yorkshire police federation branch , constable paul middup , told the restaurant meeting before wright turned up : “ the chief constable had said the truth could not come from him , but had given the secretary a totally free hand and supported him , ” as had many senior officers .
each appointment has been a response to the state of the series and some have worked out better than others .
emblazoned on the note will also be a quote from the artist – “ light is therefore colour ” – as well as his signature , taken from his will , in which he bequeathed many of his works to the nation .
you can no longer legally smoke a cigarette inside a bar in the world ’ s drinking capital , new orleans , louisiana .
“ we are not as divided as our politics suggests , ” he said .
the name " hornet " is used for this and related species primarily because of their habit of making aerial nests -lrb- similar to the true hornets -rrb- rather than subterranean nests .
you couldn ’ t dream of a more appropriate logo : lust , knowledge , hope and anarchy , ” janoff said .
with little ethiopian teff on the international market , farmers in the us have started planting the crop .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
historically , it would have been a disappointment for african americans and many white liberals if the first black presidency had ended in failure , halted prematurely .
“ ideas are a dime a dozen .
5 supertrees it had to happen eventually : man-made trees .
it ’ s an area where women are taking an interest , both in and outside kigali. ” though ice cream is somewhat new to rwanda , ndangiza is enthused by the idea of the shop .
but they said more challenges lay ahead to narrow down further the projections of future temperatures .
it was followed by yahoo in 2008 ; google , facebook and paltalk in 2009 ; youtube in 2010 ; skype and aol in 2011 ; and finally apple , which joined the program in 2012 .
the problems come as hundreds of bangladeshi clothing factories per month are inspected for fire- safety and structural problems under the accord on fire and building safety in bangladesh , which is backed by over 170 international brands , including primark and marks & spencer , and international trade unions , including industriall .
tropical storm ana was the only tropical cyclone on record in the atlantic basin during the month of april .
our coral reefs , the greatest in the world , and our mangrove and wetland spawning grounds are disappearing .
moreover he also unsuccessfully contested the saarbrücken constituency .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
“ oh , we can cope here , ” said graham .
michael ibsen , the canadian-born furniture maker proved to be the descendant of richard ’ s sister , heard the confirmation on sunday and listened to the unfolding evidence in shocked silence .
no one is expecting anything like that this time , but eon will not be complacent .
one of the first purchasers of a flat-screen tv , when tv sales began just before 1am , was james alled , 30 , a businessman , who bought two and was already negotiating to sell one of them to someone further down the queue .
bush wrote on her website : “ i have a request for all of you who are coming to the shows .
then , its plutonium power source will run out and it will shut down , drifting outwards towards the edge of the solar system and deep space beyond .
his latest album , blackstar , appeared on his 69th birthday on 8 january 2016 and proved that his gift for making dramatic statements as well as challenging , disturbing music hadn ’ t deserted him .
the neighbours are selling up their own stately home , while lord grantham seeks to cut back on servants after declaring that under-butlers are no longer affordable .
today , landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
conducting his own defence in the rivonia trial in 1964 , he said : “ i have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities .
the companies that make and sell e-bikes say they can overcome those obstacles .
he beat me to it. ” a statement on clermont foot 63 ’ s website said costa ’ s appointment would allow the club to enter “ a new era ” .
that is when violence happens. ” in order to spread risk down to the lowest levels , he says gangs are now recruiting far more in primary schools .
that would be perfectly possible .
but that wasn ’ t the point .
huth used stories from the moth radio hour because they are short and compelling .
stern described the images as “ just skimming the surface ” of what would be learnt about the planet during the coming year .
eel ecologist the job : conserving the critically endangered european eel what it involves : to monitor the size of the endangered eels , ecologists wade into the thames and other london rivers and marshes full of eels , sometimes up to their armpits , and reach into a net ﬁlled with up to 20 adult eels to grab one with their bare hands .
in an interview in 1949 , the head of the commission , howard b fonda , signalled his opposition to the chewing of coca leaves before his inquiry had begun .
james hamblin , senior editor of american magazine the atlantic , recently joined the unwashed masses .
“ everything is telling us that we ’ re doomed but the future library is a candidate on the ballot paper for possible futures .
as stewart baker , the former general counsel at the us national security agency ( nsa ) , put it in the aftermath of edward snowden ’ s revelations : “ metadata absolutely tells you everything about somebody ’ s life. ” patrick mutchler , a computer security researcher at stanford , said that while the power of metadata was understood by those gathering the information , the public was largely in the dark because so few published studies have revealed how rich the data is .
that can continue up until you ’ re about 55 when it ’ s in balance again .
similarly , names unable to accommodate the endings required by the nominative , accusative , genitive and dative cases used in icelandic are also routinely turned down .
the most startling result has been the malaria figure , released earlier in 2012 .
the black core of pencils is still referred to as " lead " , even though it never contained the element lead .
a lot of people here think of it as soapy entertainment .
its ending , “ rolled round in earth ’ s diurnal course / with rocks , and stones , and trees ” , felt appropriate in this small section of forest , carpeted with blueberry bushes , which will be carefully tended to for the next 98 years before it is turned into future library ’ s manuscripts .
the unrest escalated during the night as a large crowd set several fires outside the legislative assembly , smashed the building ’ s windows and painted graffiti on the walls proclaiming “ revolution ” , “ down with paes , down with cabral [ the mayor and state governor ] ” and “ hate police ” .
in a series of interviews during his time based at camp bastion in helmand province , he hinted at the difficulty of reconciling the different roles in his life .
geography the caucasus mountains are generally perceived to be a dividing line between asia and europe , and territories in caucasia are alternately considered to be in one or both continents .
“ grégoire delacourt is not a paparazzo ; he ’ s a writer ! ” ironically , the author ’ s legal situation would be far easier had he published the book in johansson ’ s home country , rather than france .
when they did infect patients , the numbers were so small that at first they were not enough to warrant much attention .
this is a list of german presidents since 1919 by longevity .
economy the only economic activity of importance is agriculture .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
that ’ s 65 litres of clean , drinkable water that we ’ re infusing with soap and washing down the drain each and every day – sometimes more than once .
the tests will continue , to help nasa learn about how the body copes with the severe strains of spaceflight .
“ it ’ s a much more complex , multifaceted environment , ” says benedict evans , a digital media specialist at enders .
“ and that ’ s an established industry with 60 years of legacy !
he felt as if there was no one to talk to and he wasn ’ t close enough to colleagues for them to notice the changes in his behaviour .
in creating a multi-stranded , multi-character cinema “ universe ” around star wars , lucasfilm-disney are taking their cue from the phenomenally successful series of films produced by marvel studios , which disney also acquired , in 2009 .
“ he also included two stamps from that time that were also in the bottle , so the finder would not incur a cost , ” erdmann said .
it ’ s sad , a town that people have to leave in order to feel the sun. ” twelve years after he first dreamed of his solspeil , a german company specializing in so-called csp – concentrated solar power – helicoptered in the three 17-sq-m glass mirrors that now stand high above the market square in rjukan .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
4 footfall harvesting every day , hundreds of commuters and shoppers in the east london neighbourhood of west ham cross the elevated pedestrian walkway close to the underground station .
another opportunity to keep highclere in the public mind is the 300th anniversary of the birth of lancelot “ capability ” brown , who designed the grounds .
the aten is typically shown as a sun disk with rays coming out of all sides .
that is something worth working on. ” 5 .
the river is also potentially valuable for hydroelectric power , and the inga dams below pool malebo are first to exploit the river .
a preliminary investigation was launched on tuesday by the paris police .
on the outbreak of war in august 1914 , the regiment went to france and was engaged in the early fighting .
another way to reduce noise is to slow down .
“ the eye doesn ’ t just contain rods and cones ; it contains cells that then report to the suprachiasmatic nuclei in the hypothalamus. ” this part of the brain controls our circadian rhythms over a 24-hour cycle .
conjunction is a term used in positional astronomy and astrology .
in an irony not lost on female , carlsberg and other big brewers have spent millions in recent years trying to sell beer to women , attempting to “ pink it and shrink it ” to appeal to perceived feminine tastes .
“ that is why they are blasting schools every day – because they were and they are afraid of change , afraid of the equality that we will bring to our society. ” and she gave her own opposing interpretation of islam to the taliban ’ s .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
it is presenting it to the world that is the challenge. ” the leading manufacturers are lining up to work with him , he says , because they have the technology , they just struggle to sell it .
bacteria associated with illness and infections were extremely common .
manchester became the first city in the uk to acquire a modern light rail tram system when the manchester metrolink opened in 1992 .
these rock formations are characteristically composed of sandstone with layers of quartz .
the decision means japan becomes the first asian country to name an element .
“ argentina rejects the “ .patagonia ” request for a new generic top-level domain , ” the government notes in an appeal .
this was a quite sensitive topic at the time , since poland was concerned that someday a german government would seek to reclaim some of this traditionally germany territory given to poland after world war ii .
the removal men left his home almost bare .
leaked information recently suggested that apple is aiming to reach 100m subscribers , which , based on a subscription fee of $ 120 per year , would generate $ 12bn annually .
“ it ’ s the loss of the common species that will impact on people , not so much the rarer creatures because , by the very nature of their rarity , we ’ re not reliant on them in such an obvious way , ” said dr nick isaac , a macroecologist at the centre for ecology & hydrology in oxfordshire .
if apple music loses apple money , the company will not continue it for long but it will not stop investment without at least trying to beat the competition .
a dark albedo feature about across has been named olbers in honour of vesta 's discoverer , but it does not appear in elevation maps as a fresh crater would , and its nature is presently unknown , perhaps an old basaltic surface .
it was as a reporter that i soon found out that i was as bad at understanding numbers in spanish as i was at calculating them in english .
ann arbor had set aside 40 acres -lrb- 16 ha -rrb- that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol , but it offered this land to the university when lansing was chosen as the state capital .
i won ’ t touch those jobs anymore. ” there are plenty of people , however , that would .
when the mirror is warmed up , it releases heat at a specific wavelength of infrared light that passes easily through the atmosphere and out into space .
on twitter , one of many reactions was disbelief .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
“ that ’ s one of the things about gigs – it ’ s taking in what ’ s going on with the people around you and , watching it on a little screen , it ’ s a waste of time. ” the yeah yeah yeahs resorted to putting up a sign at one of their venues , pleading with fans to pocket their technology .
captain feathersword captain feathersword , " the friendly pirate " , wears a hat , patch , and puffy shirt and wields a " feathery saber " .
even the children of my children should know what happened .
“ i decided to do this because i often go on youtube and , while i am honoured that people are doing it , some are doing it wrong because they don ’ t realize the intensity you need to work at , ” says tabata .
they all use whatsapp .
but , after only two games , she resigned from the job following a clash with the club ’ s mercurial proprietor , luciano gaucci , who at the time was also the owner of a serie a side , perugia .
turner , renowned for his dramatic seascapes , beat off competition from 590 painters , sculptors , fashion designers , photographers , film-makers and actors put forward by 30,000 members of the public .
in athens , where the economic crisis has hit hardest , shisha is part of that. ” greece ’ s conservative-dominated coalition government has tried to deal with the problem by driving drug users and other homeless people out of the city centre – a series of controversial police operations has swept central streets , clearing crowded doorways and malls .
a.i. artificial intelligence one kubrick project was eventually completed by another director , steven spielberg .
a century ago , venice – one of the most beautiful and low-lying cities in the world – used to flood around ten times a year .
soy milk -lrb- also called soya milk , soybean milk , or soy juice -rrb- and sometimes referred to as soy drink / beverage is a beverage made from soybeans .
background des uses a 56-bit key , meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted .
it ’ s the ultimate dating taboo , ” he said .
rick is portrayed as unlikeable and so self-absorbed that he believes he is the " most popular member of the flat " even though his housemates hate him .
and , if for whatever reason , you are unable to venture outside , the internet can bring solace .
the problem is already here .
dr grant blank , a survey research fellow at the oxford internet institute , points out that social media and the internet can be a boon and a problem .
“ we are nonchalantly throwing all of our data into what could become an information black hole without realizing it .
he is not the first person to express scepticism about mars one , a vastly ambitious private mission aiming to settle humans on mars from 2025 .
japanese employees are currently entitled to an average 18.5 days ’ paid holiday a year – only two fewer than the global average – with a minimum of ten days , as well as 15 one-day national holidays .
parts of europe , including much of scandinavia , never adopted many feudal institutions , including serfdom .
but food losses , on the other hand , are really rampant in developing countries because of the underdeveloped conditions they have , from management of production to transportation and distribution. ” the environmental impact of food loss and waste is high .
the civil aviation authority -lrb- caa -rrb- is the public corporation which oversees and regulates all aspects of aviation in the united kingdom .
“ but the question is are they within natural variation ?
“ there ’ ll be a point here pretty soon where i ’ ll start feeling that kind of culture shock , ” he said .
over 50 % die within two years of diagnosis .
hill travelled for more than 20 hours to get to rio , then hit long delays on the road from the airport at 6.30am .
under a change to the rules for 2014 , however , the decision on whether to stop matches at the tournament is now at the discretion of the tournament director , wayne mckewen .
mandela ’ s death sends south africa deep into mourning and self-reflection , nearly 20 years after he led the country from racial apartheid to inclusive democracy .
they did not set financial targets , but waited for 18 months before they transferred their shares to the women , who had by then proved their business credentials .
she is somewhat embarrassed to admit that she is perhaps the least fit of the group .
92 1287 to 1298 emperor fushimi hirohito traditional dates .
with a population of c . 86,000 , the kolding municipality is the seventh largest in denmark .
a borough is an administrative division of various countries .
if you are part of the 1 % , you still have problems and they are legitimate to you .
the project will cost a reported $ 6bn , a sum lansdorp has said he hopes will be met partly by selling broadcasting rights .
according to the georgian chronicles , he was a son of rev , son of mirian iii , the first christian king of iberia .
even if a contribution violates the precise wording of a rule , it might still be a good contribution .
such near-perihelion oppositions occur on a regular cycle every twenty-two years , with the last occurring in 1991 and the next in 2013 .
the term was coined by merging the name for the two orders , cetacea and artiodactyla , into a single word .
in respective singles matches , john cena defeated sabu in an extreme lumberjack match , which featured superstars from the raw and ecw brands at ringside .
“ although there are no legal issues whatsoever regarding the sale of lots six and seven by banksy , faam convinced its sellers to withdraw these lots from the auction. ” about 30 potential buyers attended the sale of 106 lots listed in the catalogue for the modern , contemporary and street art sale in miami ’ s trendy wynwood neighbourhood .
november-born children were the fittest overall as they had the most stamina and power and were the second strongest .
this education process is the way to “ get more girls into the beer world ” , the group says .
“ it was cleverly positioned as simultaneously modern and retro .
we respect them , we love them and we don ’ t want you to kill them. ’ anthony joyce , a surfer who once had his foot caught in a shark ’ s mouth , said : “ the number of sharks they are going to kill is going to make no difference. ” the state government will not say how many sharks they have killed , but some people say that sharks smaller than three metres were released after they were caught on drumlines , floating drums fixed to the sea bed with bait on hooks underneath them .
they had suffered what their lawyers describe as “ unspeakable acts of brutality ” including castration , beatings and severe sexual assaults .
that could start to change in the uk with the launch of investingzone .
the total cost of the damage in the city was being valued at in excess of one billion roubles ( £20m ) .
let ’ s dance moulded bowie into a crowd-friendly global rock star , with the album and its singles let ’ s dance , china girl and modern love all becoming huge international hits .
kcho , who has close ties to the cuban government , announced that his actions had been approved by the ministry of culture .
richard died at bosworth on 22 august 1485 , the last english king to fall in battle , and the researchers revealed how for the first time .
early on , the packages included receipts that had his name on them , dan sullivan .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
within five days , he had hit his target and raised £36,200 .
it ’ s that you need to know that this shopper has these characteristics and , in the past , that when those characteristics are present , this is what a person tends to do. ” if you combine recognition technology with databases of previous customer patterns , you can start to predict a lot about what a person may or may not do in a shop .
some people have argued that the flexibility of zero-hours contracts may have allowed the uk to avoid higher levels of unemployment during the economic downturn , while the cipd research suggests that only 16 % of those on zero-hours contracts report that their employer frequently fails to provide them with sufficient hours each week .
“ i don ’ t think that was because of pressure being put on her .
“ people come here looking for work but , in the winter , there is nothing. ” lots of her friends can ’ t pay for heating or medication and many would go hungry if it were not for the east hampton food pantry , she says , which is just one of several food pantries in the town .
he didn ’ t want to risk leaving the us – it was him , not elvis , ” said goldsmith .
altogether , the constellation contains about 50 galaxies observable through amateur telescope .
the satellite has been given the provisional designation s / 2003 -lrb- 130 -rrb- 1 .
the renault vel satis is an executive car produced by the french manufacturer renault .
fonda told an interviewer : “ we believe that the daily , inveterate use of coca leaves by chewing … is not only thoroughly noxious and therefore detrimental , but is also the cause of racial degeneration in many centres of population , and of the decadence that visibly shows in numerous indians … our studies will confirm the certainty of our assertions and we hope we can present a rational plan of action … to attain the absolute and sure abolition of this pernicious habit. ” the growing of coca leaves is legal and licensed in bolivia .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
therefore , beliefs are not totally consistent from one baptist church to another , especially beliefs that may be considered minor .
johansson herself is not flattered by the best- selling literary work .
it did not matter if it was , as some bad sports – male , of course – suggested , just a cynical stunt to drum up publicity for a minor team , clermont foot 63 , currently ranking a lowly 14th out of 20 in its league .
some computers can boot up from flash drives .
the human remains , which belonged to two men in their early 30s , had been extremely well preserved by the cool environment of the cave .
the eared seals or otariids are marine mammals in the family otariidae , one of three groupings of pinnipeds .
for many people , a blank sheet is very daunting ; with a colouring book , you just need to bring the colour .
the scans were given 45 minutes after the participants inhaled a placebo or oxytocin through a nasal spray .
saxon switzerland is a mountainous climbing area and national park near dresden in saxony , germany .
he checked me over and was very reassuring , saying he couldn ’ t feel any evidence of it but that i probably had broken bones .
pub group j d wetherspoon has 24,000 of its staff – 80 % of its workforce – on the terms .
the game also features co-operative play -lrb- co-op -rrb- which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together .
the €500 note was introduced in 2002 when the euro was born : it replaced the 1,000 deutschmark , the 10,000 belgian franc and the 500,000 italian lira .
i perhaps hadn ’ t slept .
huffington describes her promotion of sleep as a “ revolution ” but , really , it ’ s a rebranding .
there is no reason to single out jammu and kashmir , or even srinagar , as an unsafe destination. ” germany relaxed its guidelines for those thinking of travelling to the region in 2011 .
the selection process , roche writes , “ was not rigorous enough to reach the requisite standard of more traditional astronaut selection programmes ” .
it is of a quality that could never enter europe or america .
and experimental evidence shows that heart rate doesn ’ t drop during breath-holding .
almost 6,000 people have so far signed unite ’ s online petition .
i reckon people are taking their kids ’ pictures off the fridge and replacing them with their own . ”
“ many , many hundreds of people died on that field that day .
birmingham is a city in van buren county , iowa , united states .
“ there will not be enough water available on current croplands to produce food for the expected nine-billion population in 2050 if we follow current trends and changes towards diets common in western nations , ” the report by malik falkenmark and colleagues at the stockholm international water institute ( siwi ) said .
music subscription services , including spotify and deezer , have broken through the $ 1bn sales barrier worldwide , as increasing numbers of fans choose to pay for music online .
so why don ’ t clouds fall out of the sky like rain ?
visitors come to see the gardens in the palace grounds , the exotic birds which roam freely in the grounds , moot hill -lrb- which is in the grounds -rrb- , and the palace .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
in june 2012 , chon met john sheehy , a 'strategic philanthropist ' and founder of consultancy emerging business lab , who raised money for the non-profit fish farm in the northeast of monrovia , liberia ’ s capital , and set about learning aquaculture , doing an online course through cornell university and speaking to other fish farmers in africa .
jarid arraes , a psychology student and blogger , wrote a post criticizing the latent discrimination in media and marketing that she felt anitta ’ s image change represented .
opeth decided against cancelling the remainder of the tour , and lopez 's drum technician filled in for two concerts .
disney has brought a whole new level of marketing savvy to an already popular product : dergarabedian cites the decision to make all six existing star wars films available on streaming services as “ a brilliant way to build the anticipation for the new film and reinvigorate the idea of star wars in the minds of the fans ” .
iran 's diagonal distance from azerbaijan in the northwest to sistan and baluchestan province in the southeast is approximately .
design philosophies two basic designs exist : event-driven -lrb- priority scheduling -rrb- designs switch tasks only when an event of higher priority needs service , called pre-emptive priority .
up until 2011 , black or mixed-race students also spent two years less at school on average .
perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
you need a 15-minute distance and typical off-the-shelf drones have about that distance. ” it ’ s one way , he said , of making sure the surrounding population is relatively safe .
we are already seeing the effects of climate change in bangladesh and across south asia .
insects are plentiful – globally , for every human there are 40 tonnes of insects – so there is not too much chance of them being endangered , and they are unlikely to have been dosed with chemicals .
households worth $ 5m or more reached 1.3m and 142,000 households are now worth $ 25m or more .
antibiotic resistance is no longer an abstract risk : this is now a war .
but he refused to get an account , stating : “ i don ’ t really need one to read tweets ” .
so far , the tournament has avoided the worst doomsday scenarios , though it is far from trouble free .
its label is a take on rosie the riveter , the creation of a us second world war propaganda campaign that went on to become a symbol of women ’ s power in the workplace .
in chelyabinsk itself , schools and universities were closed and many other staff told to go home early .
as he delights in telling supporters , the three issues that he rails against most – immigration reform , free-trade deals and barack obama ’ s national security policy – have become perhaps the defining issues of the election .
types of abrasions colloquially , abrasions caused by contact with textiles or carpeting are referred to as rug burn or carpet burn .
another , " loveliest of trees " , is the basis for his 1912 orchestral rhapsody , also called a shropshire lad .
strydom said of his client : “ she said there are resemblances to herself .
perhaps more surprisingly , his spokesman said the move had been approved by the state-owned telecommunications utility , etecsa .
they are also scheduled to play roskilde , rock am ring , pinkpop , give it a name festival and download .
the iftar meal includes dates and rich curries – as well as local game such as reindeer , prepared in accordance with islamic law .
it is the largest known non-spherical moon in the solar system .
the positive side of this is people ’ s performance , mood and health will improve .
“ that didn ’ t happen .
the meeting was held just four days after the disaster .
but they are understandable all the same , for the transcendental importance of what benedict has done can not be overstated .
worst thing about the job : other people may misunderstand your job : social engineers are not spies but most people think they are .
take the square root of the variance .
he is one of a new wave of entrepreneurs turning to the fast-growing crowdfunding industry for finance .
brown bears , wolves , the eurasian lynx and wolverines are found in nearly one-third of mainland europe ( excluding belarus , ukraine and russia ) , with most individuals living outside nature reserves , indicating that changing attitudes and landscape-scale conservation measures are successfully protecting species that have suffered massive persecution throughout human history .
officials have been sent to round up volunteers from scores of countries to reinforce the international credentials of the ancient indian practice .
“ even though the animals were on different continents , with the resulting noisy transmission and signal delays , they could still communicate , ” said miguel pais-vieira , the first author of the study .
this is the legal action that will truly lay down a marker , and by pursuing it the couple indicate a determination to convey a wider message to the world and , they hope , deter paparazzi in the future .
dr colin moran , who is leading the study , said : “ the children at st ninian ’ s don ’ t seem to have problems with obesity ; they seem happier and staff say they settle into lessons faster so we designed a study that would test all of these things .
audis were the favourite cars of 16 % of winners , with range rovers and bmws also popular purchases ( 11 % each ) , as well as mercedes ( 10 % ) and land rovers ( 5 % ) .
while many british workers regard a two-week summer holiday as an inalienable right , workers in japan have come to see a four-night vacation in hawaii as the height of self-indulgence .
the standard stor stark ( large strong ) lager is now “ almost extinct ” in gothenburg , the women say , as pubs and bars replace the big brands with a choice of specialist beers .
this is kielder observatory , the centre of britain ’ s nascent astrotourism industry .
this tactic of avoiding the face and staring at shoes says a lot about how we , as physical beings , react to being watched .
to aid in the comparison of sizes of different geographic regions , areas between 1 km2 -lrb- 100 hectares -rrb- and 10 km2 -lrb- 1000 hectares -rrb- are listed below .
in a statement , prince charles said : “ both my wife and i are overjoyed at the arrival of my first grandchild .
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
the key , he said , is to remember that his relationship is with the boyfriend .
“ the larger you get , the more dangerous you get. ” logistical problems are in the middle of being solved in some very dramatic ways , huber said .
a walk-in wardrobe was a must for 28 % , almost a quarter ( 24 % ) opted for a property behind electric gates , and 22 % had a games room , with 7 % installing a snooker table .
it is a complete package for everybody ’ s body and a cheap way to keep you hale and hearty . ”
another 11 performances were presented after that .
as a result , many ordinary voters in ex-soviet bloc states saw her as a bold champion of their liberty , a view widely shared across the spectrum of mainstream us opinion – though not at home or among key eu partners .
but he maintained neither he nor the organization was corrupt .
the national party , promoting a policy of " change " , won 45 % of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in parliament -lrb- two seat overhang -rrb- , a substantial margin over the labour party which won 43 seats .
a recent survey found that the proportion of adults living at home varied around the country , from just under 9 % in the east midlands to more than double that in london , where house prices and rents are highest .
“ if i just showed you a shot of someone ’ s body you could probably tell me what gender they are .
small and easy to transport relative to their value , they are the payment method of choice for tax dodgers , money launderers and drug barons .
some notable series that trace their look and feel to wizardry include the bard 's tale and might and magic .
“ it might very well go away further down the road but something this big takes a long time to disappear , ” he told bbc radio 4 ’ s today programme .
“ it ’ s proof that not only are economies vulnerable but the whole planet , ” medvedev said at an economic forum in siberia .
around €12m was wheeled away in trolleys , the largest ever cash seizure by spanish police .
he said that the latest results were an important first step in understanding their neural basis .
i didn ’ t write a novel about a celebrity , ” he said .
however , in the grounds of the empty mansions , stone fountains crumble and lawns have become bogs .
the brand and logo of apple have been named the most valuable in the world – worth nearly $ 119bn , or more than the entire gross domestic product of morocco , ecuador or oman .
he then voluntarily stepped down after one term .
“ it generated a movement that allowed us to push forward with the construction of alternatives .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
4 social engineer typical salary : between £50,000 and £80,000 , on average .
and with no friends ’ accounts to follow online , he has to “ pick up the phone and call them ” , something he ’ s come to “ definitely enjoy ” .
9 smart rubbish bins forget gas-guzzling dumper trucks and smelly skips .
surprisingly , damascus is named as only the seventh worst , ranked better than not just baghdad but also bangui in central african republic , sana ’ a in yemen , port-au-prince in haiti , khartoum in sudan and n ’ djamena in chad .
“ we certainly hope that the efforts we invest in rehabilitation and preventing relapse of crime has had an impact , ” he said .
many students choose a faculty committee whose members represent their own interdisciplinary interests .
the research is a “ big advance ” that halves the uncertainty about how much warming is caused by rises in carbon emissions , according to scientists commenting on the study , published in the journal nature .
disclosure of the prism program follows a leak to the guardian on wednesday of a top-secret court order compelling telecoms provider verizon to turn over the telephone records of millions of us customers .
designer label louis vuitton is the top-ranked fashion name , in 19th position , with a value of $ 23bn , just ahead of high-street clothing chain h & m , with a brand value of $ 21bn and ranked 21 .
martin jones , professor of archaeological science at cambridge university , said the immunity genes were the most striking result .
concrete blast barriers – often painted in the syrian flag ’ s black , red and white – now protect official premises , not just the military or defence installations that are obvious targets .
“ you can ’ t be a global competitive city if you don ’ t have a robust transportation network. ” here are three of the key trends that experts predict will shape the transportation industry over the coming years .
“ but it ’ s something which brings unity. ” ingabire ’ s father , two siblings and many cousins were killed in the genocide .
competition for water between food production and other uses will intensify pressure on essential resources , the scientists said .
it is sometimes recommended to combat diarrhea , since it is high in pectin .
6 users are changing facebook it used to be a site to get students connected , with only elite us universities allowed access .
mayor john graham said the digital cartographers were , however , hunted by a herd of excited and curious locals , or google stalkers .
off the back of it , ministers said they were keen to change rules and make sure low-paid workers get the money left for them by grateful customers .
but , more importantly , it works as a thermal radiator .
“ locals won ’ t buy and so you have to bring in overseas buyers. ” but the prospect of the avenue ’ s empty property being used to help solve the housing crisis remains distant .
since 2013 , cuban authorities have opened hundreds of internet salons , where an hour online costs $ 4.50 , at speeds far lower than those at kcho ’ s studio of around 2mbps .
“ we understand the public ’ s concern and are withdrawing the trademark applications , ” spokeswoman carrie munk said .
angelo sodano , the dean of the college of cardinals , who must have been forewarned , delivered a brief and perhaps hurriedly composed speech .
“ it just doesn ’ t sound right to me .
in addition , many feel that they are being pathologized for simply being different .
we are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions , and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states .
the challenge , though , has been capturing that energy and transporting it to the population centres where it is required .
the shaolin monastery or shaolin temple , is a chán buddhist temple at song shan near zhengzhou city henan province in dengfeng , china .
before the opening match in brasilia , crowds of demonstrators were dispersed by riot police .
progress is not inevitable ; it requires struggle , discipline and faith. ” but obama acknowledged the challenges faced by young people : “ not to say your generation has had it easy , in a time of breathtaking change , from 9/11 , 7/7 … and during an age of information and twitter where there ’ s a steady stream of bad news. ” the audience cheered as the president was introduced and went on to speak about his policies , including healthcare and education .
these drugs decimate ordinary bacteria .
the timing pushed the anti-capitalist movement into the light , just as many spaniards were seeking alternatives to a system that had wreaked havoc on their lives .
“ we went to great lengths to set up this tronc system , which is chaired by a troncmaster and run by a committee of waiters and pizzaiolos who independently decide how tips made by electronic card payment are subsequently distributed between front- and back-of-house restaurant teams ; a system run by employees for the employees , ” she said .
his work is often cited as the basis and motive for contemporary patriots and national activists .
in fact , almost all a plane ’ s lift comes from newton ’ s third law of motion .
vaping rates among smokers and ex-smokers rose steadily until the end of 2013 , when some 22 % of smokers and ex-smokers were vaping .
the grass near india gate will be transformed into the venue for what , it is hoped , will be the biggest single yoga session ever held , with up to 45,000 people running through a 35-minute routine .
in the 1980s , it was routine to save documents on floppy disks , upload jet set willy from cassette to the zx spectrum , slaughter aliens with a quickfire ii joystick and have atari games cartridges in the attic .
in the united states antidepressants and tranquilizers are now the top selling class of prescription drugs , and neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also rank near the top , all with expanding sales .
he was inducted into the blues hall of fame later the same year .
we can ’ t put bins everywhere , ” added smith .
“ we need to stop tobacco companies targeting young people with an array of gimmicky products and we need to make sure that cigarette packs carry effective warnings. ” martin callanan , the conservative mep for north east england , said : “ forcing e-cigs off the shelves would have been totally crazy .
“ but what we are ﬁnding is that the mistakes are being made by the models which predict less warming , not those that predict more. ” he added : “ sceptics may also point to the ’ hiatus ’ of temperatures since the end of the 20th century , but there is increasing evidence that this inaptly named hiatus is not seen in other measures of the climate system and is almost certainly temporary. ” global average air temperatures have increased relatively slowly since a high point in 1998 caused by the ocean phenomenon el niño , but observations show that heat is continuing to be trapped in increasing amounts by greenhouse gases , with over 90 % disappearing into the oceans .
for mccormack , the argument hinges on the fact that personally identifiable information isn ’ t being collected .
but , before you start hunting through the job ads , try to put things in perspective .
along with outlining the risks and challenges , copenhagen also embraced and focused on the solutions .
“ we feel the film is about resilience , hope , bravery , resourcefulness and the ability to change the course of your own life , ” says lisa fruchtman , who won an academy award for film- editing in 1984 .
there will be a full moon on christmas day 2015 – a complete coincidence , according to swift .
but download revenue peaked in 2013 in the uk at £283m and fell to £249m in 2014 .
“ of course they ’ re gon na complain , ” he accepts .
“ these objections are legally questionable , ” she said .
adam smith , a graduate student of the college , is perhaps its best known alumnus .
the tournament ’ s “ extreme heat ” contingency plan was put into force for women ’ s matches on tuesday , allowing an extra ten-minute break between the second and third sets .
officials are considering sending a boat to pick up the castaway .
3 bomb-disposal diver typical salary : in the private sector , you can earn up to £100,000 working just two months out of every three .
order # 56 / cmln of 20 october 1973 prescribed the coat of arms of the republic of mali .
the producer is involved throughout all phases of the film-making process from development to completion of a project .
she has not been used as a product , ” she said .
now , for the first time , scientists have started to catalogue and map the bacteria coursing through a city ’ s subway – and they have found a wealth of curious results .
munroe bight to the north of cape pillar is named after the former american barque james munroe wrecked there in 1850 .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .
fcw 's debut show was on june 26 , 2007 at tampa , florida 's dallas bull .
the prosecutor will have to decide the targets for any criminal proceedings and the complaint cites “ persons unknown ” .
as far as that ’ s concerned , yes , i ’ m happy to be compared with him , ” she said .
the government have announced a two-month consultation on proposals that they said would stamp out unfairness .
in march 2005 , pavarotti underwent neck surgery to repair two vertebrae .
sullivan works too much , he says .
krystian zimerman returned moments later and declared : “ the destruction of music because of youtube is enormous. ” but sam watt of vyclone , a phone app that encourages audiences to film at concerts and then brings together the footage to create a crowd-sourced video of the event , said that such artists were fighting a losing battle and that filming at concerts enhanced rather than detracted from the experience .
but , “ predominantly , you just notice how thin the atmosphere is , how fragile it looks , ” kelly added .
worst thing about the job : long hours and an unpredictable work schedule mean it ’ s difficult to have a family life .
the un is involved with fighting units .
a conflict ensues , and when clara helps the nutcracker throwing her shoe at the mouse king , the nutcracker seizes his opportunity and stabs him .
what made nelson mandela great was precisely what made him human .
the second is education , from early childhood to the start of work , to enable people to escape and stay out of poverty .
and , so , it ’ s your diaphragm , the main muscle of breathing , that is also in charge when it comes to reaching the breakpoint of your breath-hold .
however , by the close of the 19th century , the 9th edition was outdated and the britannica faced significant financial difficulties .
through a business connection , he was introduced to mary parent with universal pictures , who immediately signed on after watching the episodes on dvd .
1 .
undated the first settlement is made in the area of what is now louisville , kentucky by 13 families under colonel george rogers clark .
hermann muhs -lrb- 16 may 1894 - 13 april 1962 -rrb- was a secretary of state and minister responsible for churches question -lrb- minister für kirchenfragen -rrb- in nazi germany .
unobserved , susanna re-enters the bedroom with the clothing and conceals herself after she realises what is wrong -lrb- she knows that to reveal her presence would only result in the worst possible consequences to the countess -rrb- .
reduced fertility and longer life expectancies have meant a rise in the mean age of the world ’ s population in a decade , from 26 years old to almost 30 .
preparations were pushed ahead for an armed revolt , and he was made commandant of the third battalion and adjutant of the dublin brigade .
2 on cloud nine most of us are happy to label clouds “ fluffy ones ” or “ nasty black ones ” , but meteorologists identify more than 50 cloud types based on shape and altitude .
the nhl instituted the icing rule on march 13 , 1939 .
the scientists behind the research said a course of oxytocin might boost the success of behavioural therapies that are already used to help people with autism learn to cope with social situations .
some critics are sceptical of farmed fish , citing inbred fish and high levels of toxins .
by 11 , she was showing exceptional determination , calling personally on the us special representative to pakistan , richard holbrooke , to use his influence to combat the taliban ’ s drive against education for girls .
it is a rather short book , in both jewish and christian scripture , consisting of only four chapters .
but the technology has a long way to go before then and larger machines aren ’ t airway-legal at all yet – only drones up to 25kg will be covered and the faa points out in the proposed rules that , if you ’ re going to crowd the skies with radio-controlled flying robots , they had better all be using different radio frequencies that nobody can jam or hijack .
the distinctive bacteria of swiss cheese were more localized to midtown manhattan and the financial district , and the bacteria used to ferment cabbage for kimchi and sauerkraut showed up in the financial district and bay ridge .
they call him the robin hood of the banks , a man who took out dozens of loans , worth almost half a million euros , with no intention of ever paying them back .
in her basket was a pint of semi-skimmed and a loaf of bread .
“ of course , there were a few players who experienced heat-related illness or discomfort , but none required significant medical intervention after they had completed their match , ” tim wood , the tournament ’ s chief medical officer , said in a statement .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
can false memories be artificially created ?
and , in many ways , it is not our misperceptions but these realities across different countries that are the most interesting and important aspects of the study .
riley b king ( the b did not seem to stand for a name ) was born near itta bena , mississippi and grew up with the limited prospects of an african-american agricultural worker , a barrier he gradually worked to overcome as he learnt the basics of guitar from a family friend and honed his singing with a quartet of gospel singers .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .
it has a shaving head consisting of cutters that cut off the hair entering the head of the razor at skin level .
and , his ultimate rock ’ n ’ roll performer ?
they ’ re not particularly good at seeing far ahead into the future ; that ’ s one of the big differences between them and us. ” alexandra freund , professor of psychology at the university of zurich , was also sceptical .
like apple did with the ipod – 1,000 songs in your pocket .
religion the religion of teotihuacan is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures .
“ it ’ s not so much that you need to know a particular customer .
left without a refrigerator ( none are made in france ) or nail clippers , he was forced to chill his food on the window ledge and saw at his toenails with a penknife .
but in the end , her privacy concerns outweighed any benefits social media could provide and she saw a definite upside when she went through a recent break-up .
my husband and i love the house , and the people here .
hawk nelson is a christian rock band hailing from peterborough , ontario .
approximately half the size of taiwan , it has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres -lrb- 7,172 sq mi -rrb- .
he was offered a fulbright scholarship in 1965 to study in the united states .
the centrepiece is cathedral cave with the massive altar rock .
history the district was created on june 12 1994 by merging the previous districts pasewalk , ueckermünde and part of the district strasburg .
the campaign features the oasis track half the world away reinterpreted by little-known norwegian artist aurora .
she also noted that the resort would be near the ancient roman town of baelo claudia .
the data look absolutely gorgeous , and pluto and charon are just mind-blowing. ” one of the biggest surprises was the discovery that “ there are mountains in the kuiper belt ” , the solar system ’ s mysterious “ third zone ” where pluto sits amid around 100,000 smaller icy objects .
since watching a documentary about a fish farm in thailand several years earlier , she had thought of setting up a similar project in liberia , enabling hiv sufferers to have work and also access a stable source of protein .
election the president of the bundesrat usually is elected on the 1 november in a given year , and serves until the 31 october in the year that follows .
held from 17 june to 19 june 1944 , this celebration was referred to as the " the jubilee celebrations of ioc " by carl diem , the originator of the modern tradition of the olympic torch relay .
some rivals still hope that , eventually , even trump ’ s supporters will tire of what critics view as his relentless attacks on minorities in particular .
he went on to author the animator 's bible the illusion of life with frank thomas .
but trust in the privacy of bbm ’ s system has been eroded .
then , after a few minutes , came the explosions .
like veins carrying the lifeblood of a city , a subway system teems with billions of inhabitants : the bacteria of swiss cheese and kimchi , of bubonic plague and drug-proof bugs and of human skin .
conservation experts credit the increase in numbers to the effective policing of national parks , stronger anti-poaching drives and better management of tiger habitats in nepal , where forests cover 29 % of the land .
the vapour trail was visible for hundreds of miles around , including in neighbouring kazakhstan .
“ the urban development centres aim to create an education-friendly environment in the communities and change their cultural mindset towards the children , ” says sohay ’ s programme manager , mohammed abdullah al-mamun .
false memories are a major problem with witness statements in courts of law .
he was scarred and “ rough looking ” , with shortened limbs , said yarrell .
“ as always , life ’ s a journey . ”
tazz defeated al snow -lrb- 5:20 -rrb- tazz forced snow to submit with the tazzmission .
the charity wateraid is asking people to use recycled water from bathtubs or garden butts or to douse people with sea water .
when the full complex is complete , it will be the largest concentrated solar power plant in the world and the first phase , called noor 1 , will go live in november 2015 .
it is not known how much , if any , of this story is true , but historians do know that china was the first civilization to use silk .
in june , a local islamic group issued a “ dress code ” for foreign tourists .
she is also a uefa-licensed coach .
“ paris remained stable for several years but has , this year , dropped ten places in the overall ranking , ” said mercer .
yet , just as mcdonald ’ s has been losing the customers who will pay a bit more for food perceived as fresher and healthier , it has also lost its edge in fast-food essentials : speedy service at low prices .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
the baby of the group is 60-year-old jean cunion , who credits the group with supporting her through a difficult time when her mother died .
is this the moment when streaming goes truly mainstream ?
bits of bone and hair protrude from the precious black faeces .
i elara did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as .
he added that his gallery had been inundated with emails and phone calls from the uk , saying that many of them were abusive or offensive , but said he supported the inclusion of the pieces in the sale because it would preserve them .
within a couple of years , he was playing regularly at a bar in west memphis , arkansas .
editors have so far released two platinum studio albums , selling over 2 million copies between them worldwide .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
however , it can easily be abused as an interrogation prop and many people are anxious anyway facing a polygraph on which their job or liberty depends. ” he said the new method , by contrast , achieved a reliability rating of over 70 % and he was confident they would be able to do better .
syed ali shah geelani , leader of the pro-kashmiri independence party , disagrees bitterly with much of abdullah ’ s politics .
swot analysis is a strategic planning method used to evaluate the strengths , weaknesses , opportunities , and threats involved in a project or in a business venture .
you got ta seize this moment .
“ some of us are survivors ; some know someone who was killed , ” she says .
when the reichstag convened in september 1932 , its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in papen ’ s government .
he had already done two practice free-falls in preparation for this attempt – one from 71,000 feet in march and a second from 97,000 feet in july 2012 .
aubrey , university educated , unlike shakespeare , said that he acted “ exceedingly well ” and that “ his playes took well ” .
although the presentation claims the program is run with the assistance of the companies , all those who responded to a request for comment denied knowledge of any such program .
then , downton came along and it became a major tourist attraction. ” visitor numbers doubled , to 1,200 a day , as downton abbey , scripted by julian fellowes , came to be screened around the world after becoming a hit in the uk in 2010 and , then , in the us .
i asked how she did it : very slow breathing for several minutes prior to each dive , then a big , deep breath before diving in .
but , when he looked at the results on dry land , the images were brown and murky .
to succeed as a bomb-disposal diver , you need … to stay calm in stressful situations .
although the aquarium is not actively searching for a replacement for inky , if a fisherman brought in another octopus , it might be willing to take it on .
“ right now , we are sceptical ; we would like to see more detail. ” meanwhile , despite the declining sales , the chain continues to expand globally : by the end of 2014 , it expects to have opened 1,400 new restaurants .
like quinoa , the andean grain , teff ’ s superb nutritional profile offers the promise of new and lucrative markets in the west .
people are buying into a lifestyle system .
the winner of this battle will not be the company with the best service ; it will be the company with the most money .
from these , they pieced together some extraordinary vignettes from people ’ s lives .
direct mechanical power transmission required that industries using hydropower had to locate near the waterfall .
any cypriot claimants would be able to rely not only on british documentation , but upon the archives of the international committee of the red cross in geneva .
“ it ’ s hazardous to be out there ; it ’ s dangerous .
in 2006 , he announced he would be taking a year off from touring and recording .
she aided theseus in overcoming the minotaur and later became the bride of the god dionysus .
the current town is a sprawling suburban network of winding streets , home to detached houses with gardens .
valter piscedda , the centre- left mayor of elmas , a small town near sardinia ’ s capital , cagliari , wants to pay residents to leave .
benjamin jeremy " ben " stein -lrb- born november 25 , 1944 -rrb- is an american actor , writer , and commentator on political and economic issues .
estimates suggest that , by 2050 , food production will need to have increased by 60 % on 2005 levels to feed a growing global population .
the marriage was not entirely happy although it inspired some of moeran 's masterpieces , the cello concerto and cello sonata .
she said she was withholding judgement on the story until she saw clapper ’ s rebuttal .
geography unna is situated on the route of an ancient salt-trading route , the hellweg road .
andrew coates , head of planetary science at the mullard space science laboratory , said : “ these kuiper belt objects are the building blocks of the outer solar system .
but an over-allocation , coupled with the effects of the financial crisis and recession , has led to a large surplus of permits on the market , which has in turn led to a plunge in permit prices .
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of association sportive sonabel .
“ it ’ s the most bizarre thing , really , how common that is among artists .
( it has also stipulated that the canadian company that ran los frailes can not bid for the contract .
but the depth of what the families call a cover-up , in particular the deliberate police campaign to avoid its own responsibilities and falsely blame the supporters , was still startling .
in 2009 , king received a grammy award , for best traditional blues album , for one kind favor .
“ there remains a huge role for aid in the next 20 years , as many developing countries spend less than $ 500 on each of their citizens a year .
police inside responded with pepper spray and perhaps more – the guardian saw one protester passed out and bleeding heavily from a wound in the upper arm .
he keeps his blackberry for messaging , uses an iphone over wi-fi to play games and makes phone calls on an htc-branded android phone .
by lunchtime , all the major us markets were down over 300 points .
after attaining tropical storm status , the maximum sustained winds fluctuated for three days between 40 mph -lrb- 65 km / h -rrb- and 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- .
history the name glinde was first mentioned in a document dated from march 25 1229 .
for this we have public health systems , vaccination and antibiotics to thank .
the survey , based on interviews with 150 ultra-high-net-worth individuals , comes amid signs of returning business confidence in the world ’ s biggest democracy .
asked what he did with the £10 he received back in the 1960s , goodfellow says he thinks he blew it on a wild night out , adding : “ it didn ’ t change my life. ” but , he concludes , it ’ s been a good working life : “ i was very happy doing the job i was doing . ”
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
why spend countless hours driving up and down the country to dole out rules , some of which are inevitably going to upset people , trying to climb the ladder until you get the chance to make decisions on television in front of millions who scrutinize you and your ability with the aid of umpteen different angles and slow-motion replays ?
it took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from north sydney to the batteries .
“ it is a worker ’ s right to take paid vacations , ” wakebe said .
a spokesperson said : “ learning in pe is enhanced by initiatives like the daily mile , which can encourage and support parents in fostering healthy habits with their children from a young age .
“ menu descriptions were created to meet consumers ’ preference for brand products , and , when they couldn ’ t obtain the ingredients stated on the menu , hotels just used food from different places of origin , ” hiroshi tomozawa , a hotel and restaurant consultant , told kyodo news .
after she has finished her wrestling career , james plans to own a farm and be an equine trainer .
“ he is an egomaniac ; he ’ s a narcissist .
legacy of kings in february 1998 , the recording of legacy of kings began .
charts " mobile " was released only in australia and new zealand .
he cited “ the need for both parties to find common ground and take steps together to help our economy grow and create jobs , which is critical to solving our debt ” .
but , after an increase in budget flights from regional british cities such as manchester and edinburgh , vienna is fast catching up as a popular destination .
asda , lidl and morrisons also launched their campaigns at the beginning of november .
anderson said : “ our first attempt looked at the extent to which different body parts and body signals indicated deception .
ocean- going ships have had tracking since the 1980s – the limitation is not technology but a lack of legislation requiring it .
there are suspicions that the us and uk are frantically lobbying other countries to gain sufficient numbers to block bolivia ’ s request .
some are arboreal , with long balancing tails and other adaptations for climbing , while others are semiaquatic , with webbed feet and small external ears .
the records available to analysts stretched back for five years .
the colony will be powered by specially adapted solar panels , it says .
“ i also get an adrenaline rush from knowing that , at times , i have thousands of viewers ordering the product that i have just been presenting . ”
such storms can feature strong surface winds and severe hail .
scientists believe this “ paving ” process could be the result of internal heat that softens rock and ice or from snowfalls that cover the surface .
wecyclers enables low-income communities to make money on waste piling up in their streets .
tom , manchester : 'a big night of tips can help pay the rent ' average tips : £40 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... italy where i used to work , floor staff kept 80 % of cash tips and 40 % of card tips .
the trip has not been problem free .
for instance , many of the germanic states -lrb- as well as english reformation -rrb- converted to protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the grasp of the pope .
that is not to say vaping rates might not change but , at this stage , it looks like they ’ re staying the same. ” the levelling off in popularity of vaping in the uk would appear to be at odds with what is happening in the us , where the technology has been promoted aggressively and where recent reports suggested it was growing in popularity .
discovered by researchers in japan , russia and the us , the four new elements are the first to be added to the periodic table since 2011 , when elements 114 and 116 were included .
the 27-storey tower , complete with helicopter pads , indoor cinemas and a staff of more than 600 , is worth an estimated $ 1bn .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
“ people have seen shakespeare as someone who turns his back on stratford and his family , goes to london to earn his fortune and only comes back to die , ” he said .
these can then be uploaded to a computer that mimics the one the software ran on .
but , after decades of giving companies carte blanche to milk every last drop of productivity from their workforce , a challenge to japan ’ s ingrained culture of overwork has come from the government , which is considering making it a legal requirement for workers to take at least five days ’ paid holiday a year .
the complex would be 800 metres from the coast , comfortably beyond the minimum of 200 metres stipulated by a law designed to prevent more ugly developments like those that blighted much of spain ’ s coastline when mass tourism first descended on its shores in the 1960s and 1970s .
interpretations will range from the resolutely traditional to the brighton-based spymonkey ’ s complete deaths , a romp through the 74 deaths – 75 including a fly squashed in titus andronicus – by stabbing , poisoning , smothering and smashing across the plays .
the first inkling of an artwork andersen called the solspeil , or sun mirror , came to him as the month of september began to fade : “ every day , we would take our young child for a walk in the buggy , ” he says , “ and , every day , i realized we were having to go a little further down the valley to find the sun. ” by 28 september , the sun completely disappears from rjukan ’ s market square .
senior race engineers earn £50,000 to £90,000 and promotion often leads to six-figure salaries .
he ’ s technically brilliant but he had also taken his physical condition to an astronomic level .
“ if you ’ re god ’ s chosen one , how do you choose not be chosen ? ” she mused .
eu states should now support the commission ’ s proposals and ignore the whingeing from car makers that the rules are too tough. ” according to research by the international council on clean transportation in 2014 , actual nitrogen oxide emissions from cars are seven times higher than the 80mg/km standard , with some models running at 22 times above the recommended limit .
but he said it was not enough .
he is currently preparing for the havana biennial in may .
about a third of facebook users post about politics and government .
radical and often ill-advised changes in lifestyle have become the calling cards of the midlife crisis but , if it is more than a myth , then humans may not be the only animals to experience it .
a great deal of venture capital money is being invested in the emerging online platforms , which enable the delivery of increasingly sophisticated and interactive course content to participants who can number in the hundreds to the tens of thousands .
at $ 147m , the nation ’ s most expensive property is hedge fund manager barry rosenstein ’ s 18-acre beachfront estate at 67 further lane , a stone ’ s throw from maidstone golf club , which is considered “ the most elite , prestigious and difficult to get into ” of all the hamptons clubs .
in 2006 , three mexican fishermen were discovered drifting in a small boat near the marshall islands , nine months after setting out on a shark-fishing expedition .
a fourth claimant dropped out while a fifth , susan ciong ’ ombe ngondi , died two years ago , aged 71 .
“ the earth is a beautiful planet , ” he said , describing the striking colours of the waters around the bahamas and the rainbow hues of lakes that dot the northern himalayas .
the next steps , mason said , are studies of other cities , which have begun in paris , são paolo and shanghai , and continued studies of new york , for instance to see how the microbiome changes with the seasons .
“ americans are making it clear , that they never – repeat , never – agreed to give up their constitutional liberties for the appearance of security , ” wyden said .
strikingly , the brain atlases were similar for all the participants , suggesting that their brains organized the meanings of words in the same way .
“ and almost all of those had a first degree or had been educated to degree level , ” he says .
“ i knew very little about my grandfather , but i found out that he was a writer who was very open-minded , and believed in freedom and that everyone should respect each other , ” she said .
my wife , cathy , has been the key figure throughout my career , providing a bedrock of both stability and encouragement .
they ’ re equipped to harvest rainwater , too , as well as provide air ventilation for two “ climate-controlled biomes ” ( large conservatories , in other words ) below .
it creates tensions for everybody. ” so , what time does kelley start work ?
out of 18,217 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 19 candidates to appear on the tv show .
seeds of several species are the source of the popular beverage coffee .
after these " rebellions " , land speculators and other non-métis effectively deprived the métis of land by exploiting a government program for its purchase , with the government perhaps turning a blind eye .
she said : “ for the time being , i see too many men , even in the women ’ s game , who are working , despite not having the same expertise as women , who , by contrast , are not working. ” raymond domenech , former manager of the french national team , said : “ women know how to play football and how to manage and are good at doing it .
it can make a massive change to your weekly finances .
many times , people don ’ t even know where our islands are and , from the eyes of a traditional navigator , our people have a very , very deep concern because we are talking about decisions made far away that impact on our homes. ” the mua voyage had been a massive logistical undertaking , said tua .
the national capital region consists of an area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of ontario and quebec .
to provide water for its steam locomotives , the commissioners decided to provide a dam and pump water from it to a facility , known as young tank , at the post .
1979 to 1999 the jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first of four phases of the project , but lack of funds meant that no further progress was made until the late 1990s .
staying home , with no sofa for the first few months and no television , meant listening to crooner michel sardou and reading french novels .
kcho has offered the public admission to his own personal internet connection .
“ governments have been quite good at moving people over the poverty line because that is relatively easy – there is a tendency to pick the low-hanging fruit , but they have shied away from the more difficult job of tackling chronic poverty , ” said shepherd .
thatcher was an unremarkable mid-ranking conservative until she unexpectedly became party leader in 1975 .
skeletal remains around 2,000 years old unearthed in switzerland indicate that spitz-type dogs have inhabited central europe for millennia .
whales are not usually located right next to ships and so would be subjected to noise of about 60 to 90 decibels – around the level of a lawnmower or a vacuum cleaner .
the following is a comparative table classifying the moons of the solar system by diameter .
kcho is estimated to be paying $ 900 a month to provide the free wi-fi .
if you don ’ t keep pace , it is very penalizing. ” a chinese company has made it into the top 100 for the first time , with mobile-phone and broadband firm huawei entering the rankings in 94th place with a brand value of $ 4.3bn .
at the great american bash on july 20 , 2008 , mccool defeated natalya to become the inaugural divas champion .
information collected under this program is among the most important and valuable intelligence information we collect and is used to protect our nation from a wide variety of threats . ”
wolf sightings are so rare that the sighting of their faeces marks a good day , even for a seasoned tracker .
the ethical implications are enormous .
the only known communal roost contained only four individuals .
butlers also suffer from isolation , cultural differences with their employer and “ having to work for people who aren ’ t always nice ” , says sara vestin , director of the british butler academy .
it is the third-largest subdivision of china spanning about 1,200,000 km ² -lrb- 463,000 sq mi -rrb- or 12 % of china 's land area .
what the job involves : “ a race engineer acts as the interpreter between the race-car mechanics and the driver , ” says race engineer jamie muir .
one fear is that the area is seismically active and another eruption of one of the volcanoes in the park could damage oil company infrastructure and lead to oil spills in the lakes .
the camps where antisocial tenants will be rehoused for three to six months have been called “ scum villages ” because the policy echoes proposals from geert wilders , the far-right populist , who last year demanded that “ repeat offenders ” be “ sent to a village for scum ” .
the average shower lasts seven minutes and uses 65 litres of water .
some of the technologies have been adapted to social networking services and isps .
thus , the first such storage facility in the us was implemented at zoar field , about forty miles south of buffalo .
species are native to tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to the south west pacific and australasia .
they bustle past in yellow and orange bibs , working 12-hour shifts against a backdrop of the atlas mountains .
as the £460m mission travels onwards into the kuiper belt , scientists hope that it will open up a window on the ancient solar system and the origins of planets , potentially helping to explain the formation of the earth itself .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
we all were. ” his research followed extensive monitoring of japan ’ s speed skating team in the early 1990s when he – along with the team ’ s coach irisawa koichi – noticed that short bursts of brutally hard exercise seemed to be at least as effective as hours of moderate training .
prime lenses usually have a larger maximum aperture -lrb- smaller f-number -rrb- than zoom lenses .
samuel is one of the project ’ s ten certified disease- free coragyps atratus that have been charged with doing what they do best : sniffing out rubbish .
reducing food wastage would ease the burden on resources as the world attempts to meet future demand .
our ocean is vast but not limitless .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the temporary dwellings will be heavily policed , but antisocial tenants will also have access to doctors , social workers and parole officers .
“ shisha has been linked to a very intense sexual drive but it attacks your ability to think straight and we ’ re seeing a lot more pregnancies among drug addicts who engage in prostitution. ” in 2012 , two sex workers gave birth on the streets of athens .
its ibu , or bitterness level , is 65 and its alcohol content is 4.6 % .
there are ways of doing this , like india ’ s rural employment guarantees scheme , which has boosted urban not just rural wages. ” another example cited by the report is south africa ’ s extension of the minimum wage to groups such as domestic workers .
“ watch : the nosy neighbours who complain about the noise now are gon na be the same ones who wanted the smoking ban to begin with. ” in the end , douville shares cantrell ’ s win-win optimism .
spider kiss -lrb- originally entitled rockabilly -rrb- is a 1961 novel by author harlan ellison .
worst thing about the job : expect to be away from home at least six months of the year .
the team 's name originated from the burning of atlanta led by u.s. army general william sherman during the american civil war .
a similar process may occur when powerful false memories are created in humans .
the company warned in recent stockmarket filings that it might be losing “ younger users ” to “ other products and services similar to , or as a substitute for , facebook ” .
“ it would land and take off and , when it ran low on batteries , it would land , exchange the batteries and take off again , ” he said .
for retailers and data scientists , the aim is to find a way of obtaining information without coming across as intrusive .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the manchu ethnicity has largely been assimilated with the han chinese .
“ retailers are becoming increasingly aware that shoppers who are prepared to set foot in a physical store want a service and an experience they can ’ t get online , ” says simon boydell , spokesman for marketforce , which has more than 300,000 mystery shoppers on its books .
“ i want to work but there ’ s no work to be done. ” vallone , who works cleaning pools and doing odd jobs on luxury estates , says that , if he saves well and doesn ’ t impulse-buy , he can make his summer earnings stretch out until november .
casino royale , whose rights had been individually sold off by fleming in 1955 , eventually passed to eon in 1999 as a result of an agreement between eon ’ s backers , mgm , and rival hollywood studio sony – thereby clearing the way for the 2006 version .
both the republican house speaker , john boehner , and the democratic leader in the senate , harry reid , spoke about a need to work together to resolve the crisis , but it could turn into one of the biggest clashes yet between the white house and congress under obama ’ s presidency .
lots of us know we are sleep-deprived but imagine if we could fix it with a fairly simple solution : getting up later .
background chuck norris facts originally started appearing on the internet in early 2005 .
the most important work of the day is done ; whatever is left can wait until the morning .
probably his favourite composer and singer was louis jordan , whose music he commemorated in the 1999 album let the good times roll .
on july 19 , 2000 , he formed -lrb- with fellow anison vocalists hironobu kageyama , masaaki endoh , eizo sakamoto , and rica matsumoto -rrb- the " supergroup " jam project .
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .
it ’ s an existential predicament. ” founded in 1900 by the state-owned luossavaara-kiirunavaara mining company ( lk ) , kiruna has grown rich off the vast seam of iron ore below the town , but it ’ s now facing destruction by the very phenomenon that created its wealth .
“ independent of what is happening around you in the outside world , humans constantly have internal activity in the brain .
“ it ’ s for us to take care of the air we breathe and the water we drink .
“ we are losing our confidence , ” the correspondent , takashi yanagisawa , tells me .
if you have a vehicle that can go into a neighbourhood , it can deliver from that base .
recipients must also prove their night skies are sufficiently dark .
but , the company has its eye on the gluten-free market .
the red cross documented hundreds of torture cases in cyprus , where reporters covering the conflict referred to british interrogators as hmts – her majesty ’ s torturers .
international english language testing system , is an international standardised test of english language proficiency .
“ everywhere you go , people are talking about how there ’ s less water .
the number of minutes americans spend on facebook appears to be falling , too .
some religious groups , on the other hand , strongly oppose the scheme , arguing that it would cause further distress to bereaved relatives .
he achieved a number 1 single with his 1981 partnership with queen , under pressure while becoming increasingly involved in crossovers between different media .
“ a t-shirt is more expensive in france but i can be sure it has been produced by workers who are correctly paid and have good working conditions .
it is the fourth metal gear game produced and directed by kojima and the direct sequel to metal gear solid .
appearance the coloration is yellowish-brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half .
mario draghi , the head of the ecb , has said he is determined that the income the bank generates from issuing the notes should not be “ a comfort for criminals ” .
it accelerated northeast parallel to the east coast and became extratropical on july 23 near nova scotia .
“ for years , there has been a very stubborn resistance by the over-65s to accessing the internet , ” said james thickett , research director at ofcom .
they did their banking at the post office and the few dozen rooms to rent were booked out every summer with people who had heard – by word of mouth – of its spectacular empty beaches , clear seas and fresh seafood .
many of the 1.5 million who visit northumberland each year are now aware of its dark sky status .
expecting most of them to triple their annual spend on recorded music is something that even apple will seriously struggle with .
the crash of spain ’ s banks in 2008 hit the region catastrophically and unemployment in some parts of andalucía is now more than 30 % .
in 1941 reichsführer-ss heinrich himmler , announced that additional units for the waffen-ss would be raised from non-german foreign nationals .
even the traditional wedding is evolving fast .
finally , in 1990 , fw de klerk lifted the ban on the anc and mandela was released from prison amid scenes of jubilation witnessed around the world .
during its heyday , chang ' an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world .
the queen , the duke of edinburgh , the prince of wales , the duchess of cornwall , prince harry and members of both families were informed and were delighted with the news that her royal highness and her child were both doing well .
“ race engineers work 24/7 , ” says chris aylett , ceo of the motorsport industry association .
the two-year study captured the sounds made by 12 different types of vessel , including cruise ships , container ships and military vehicles , that passed through the strait about 20 times a day .
98 % of the university 's incoming class of 2006 earned a high school gpa of 3.0 and higher , while the middle 50 % of the incoming class earned a high school gpa of 3.60 to 3.90 .
“ it will enable forensic scientists to plan their autopsies far more efficiently , ” dominic wichmann , an internal medicine specialist at hamburg ’ s university hospital , told spiegel .
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
initially elastic sweatbands were issued to each street crime unit member , based on the chosen color of the day : beginning the use of the color of the day recognition system .
as long as they are out of work and have lived in the town for three years , they are eligible .
but , whatever happens , someone won ’ t be happy. ” he said at this point , he and his client do not want to sue the hospital or government health department , which is currently helping with the case and providing counselling .
' ” solar energy will make up a third of morocco ’ s renewable energy supply by 2020 , with wind and hydro taking the same share each .
pollution , traffic and loss of green spaces are just some of the daily trials that city-dwellers have to deal with .
traditionalists who own and staff bike shops don ’ t like putting motors on bicycles , citing , among other things , the added weight .
bury st edmunds is terminus of the a1101 , great britain 's lowest road .
the potential for development just might be the catalyst that reverses this trend. ” however , raymond lumbuenamo , country director for wwf democratic republic of the congo , based in kinshassa , said that security in and around the park would deteriorate further if soco went ahead with its exploration plans .
levon v lusignan of armenia is imprisoned for several years in cairo until a ransom is paid by king john i of castile .
we still have a situation where scottish mps can vote in the house of commons on english-only issues .
its authorship is generally attributed to a person named obadiah , which means “ servant -lrb- or worshipper -rrb- of the lord ” .
these books follow the fortunes of tamara and william swift , who first appeared in the bbc computer animated web movie ghosts of albion : legacy .
it might be the biggest revenue growth area for the record business but it is still incredibly niche .
the tournament has made only a small mark on são paulo , south america ’ s most populous city , but , far away in manaus – the remote amazonian city where england played italy – visitors said world cup fever was in full swing with brightly decorated streets and flags fluttering on many cars .
in 1515 , a live indian rhinoceros was sent by the ruler of gujarat in india to the king of portugal : he in turn sent it to the pope but , on the way , it died in a shipwreck .
though limited in value and eligibility and with uneven coverage , it is an example of how a poor country has chosen to make a start in addressing poverty in old age .
the mulde river runs through the easternmost part of the district .
as the storm began to rapidly intensify , the warning was further modified to a hurricane warning .
after a version of a software package has remained in unstable for a certain length of time -lrb- depending on the urgency of the software 's changes -rrb- , that package is automatically migrated to the testing distribution .
the inquiry report established this but the police , undaunted , repeated their claims to the subsequent inquest .
the album debuted at number 64 in the us , and number nine in sweden , higher than any previous opeth release .
toller shalitoe montague cranston , cm -lrb- born april 20 , 1949 -rrb- is a canadian figure skater .
“ he let me know that i could carry on working with whomever i wanted .
there are signs that , in britain and america , streaming may soon generate more revenue for the music industry than downloads from online stores such as apple ’ s itunes .
valdevaqueros is one of the last remaining unspoilt beaches in southern spain , where the sky above the golden sands is filled with kites hauling surfers over the waves .
“ i didn ’ t have a job before : i just stayed at home .
i ’ m fully expecting the first babyklar.nu baby by next summer. ” more men have signed up than women ( 53 % to 47 % ) , with testimonials such as “ it ’ s so lovely to be able to say this out loud ” and “ i finally dare to be honest about what i want. ” the site has come at an opportune time for the country of five million people .
the first german pope in modern times timed his departure to the minute .
and it seems a slim chance , as sudan is getting old at 42 and breeding efforts have so far failed .
he was considered by many to be a saint .
“ so , my reasoning was this : put everything in place that the council administration can put in place so that those who want to gain experience abroad are able to , ” he said .
“ i hope to have the opportunity to get promoted to the premier league and officiate some of the top games in this country , ” brooks says .
their actions have also not been matched by russian , middle eastern or chinese billionaires .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
in my early years , the backing of the board , and sir bobby charlton in particular , gave me the confidence and time to build a football club , rather than just a football team .
the average net worth of those surveyed was $ 78m .
about $ 9bn has been invested in the noor complex , much of it from international institutions such as the european investment bank and world bank and backed by moroccan government guarantees .
in osteraker prison , where i served my sentence , the governor was enlightened .
sleep deprivation used to be a badge of honour : a sign you were busy and important and very much in demand .
it started as an unimportant race in 1996 , but because of the fast growing popularity of cycling in germany , it was made a part of the uci road world cup in 1998 .
“ the mission has had nine years to build expectations about what we would see during closest approach to pluto and charon .
“ it ’ s long days , but more manageable. ” many in the 100-strong community break their fast together , gathering in the city ’ s brand new mosque – completed in february amid temperatures that dropped as low as -50c with wind chill – for nightly suppers .
a hi-tech company is interested in relocating to rjukan , attracted by the cutting-edge technology on view at the top of the mountain and the publicity it has attracted .
on the final day of his last visit to britain as us president , obama told 500 youth leaders at a town hall meeting in london : “ i ’ m here to ask you to reject the notion there are forces we can ’ t control .
associativity of addition : for any integers , a , b and c , -lrb- a + b -rrb- + c = a + -lrb- b + c -rrb- .
when you take into account the indirect employment created by starbucks ’ investments in the uk , the company ’ s extended economic impact to the uk economy exceeds £80m annually .
bowie ’ s first album , released in june 1967 , was titled simply david bowie .
sophie kebede , a london-based entrepreneur who owns a uk company specializing in the grain , says she was “ flabbergasted ” when she discovered its nutritional value .
from personal experience , smart refuses to write off a single individual as beyond redemption and that is what drives him on .
robert mysłajek stops dead .
they were introduced to europe in 1846 by robert fortune , collector for the london horticultural society , and shortly thereafter into north america .
in the us , the percentage of people claiming to use subscription and streaming rose from 19 % in 2012 to 23 % , while the percentage of people downloading fell from 28 % to 27 % .
etymology this bird 's name commemorates the american ornithologist george newbold lawrence .
is football just english ?
a road number is often assigned to a stretch of public roadway .
he began this form of ministry in 1947 and continued until recently .
“ for those who might have quit drugs , there is now no incentive .
we arrived this morning , at nine in the morning , so it has all worked out beautifully. ” the palace announced the birth in a press release .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
but such dizzying global attention came at a price .
only 10 % of politicians are women in brazil , hungary and japan , when 44 % are in sweden .
in 1962 , he tried to change that working pattern by signing with a major label , abc , but the first records under that contract , which tried to reshape him as a mainstream pop singer , were as unsatisfactory to his admirers as they were to abc ’ s accountants .
after returning to the united states , ram dass and larry brilliant founded the seva foundation , an international development organization committed to applying the teachings of neem karoli baba toward ending world poverty .
one of the initial challenges google faced was gathering the raw data needed to fill in their existing map .
“ this is painstaking work .
the relocation process has not yet been completed , and dar es salaam remains tanzania 's primary city .
barbara castle , the minister of transport , gave approval on 4 august 1967 for the brixton extension to be built .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
another global link was evident in the handful of demonstrators who wore guy fawkes masks , associated with anonymous and the occupy wall street protests .
he said there was no clear process in place to handle the costs involved .
but in developed markets , other facebook trackers are reporting declines .
in the us , over the last three decades , the wealth owned by the top 0.1 % households increased from 7 % to 22 % even as the wealth of the bottom 90 % of households declined .
there are far greater numbers of southern white rhinos and black rhinos .
this has shown that people are scared but thousands of people are coming out across the country to say , ‘ that ’ s the sharks ’ ocean .
the tranquil chorus of the natural world is in danger of being lost to today ’ s generation as people screen out the noises that surround them , a senior us researcher warns .
he recently took his quest online but was dismayed by the results .
he said the land price would be prohibitive .
all the bats admire him , and he claims to have caught two tiger moths which are known by all the others in the colony to be an extraordinary achievement by such a young bat .
since it formed at 36 ° n , this system is the northernmost formation in the eastern north pacific basin .
“ on the reputation side , early feedback on our campaign has been positive .
they emit fewer greenhouse gases and less ammonia than cows and can be grown on organic waste .
for his part , carlos dávila , who works for the spanish ornithological society in doñana , was also alarmed at the proposal .
the ageing index is calculated using 13 indicators under four headings : income security , health care , employment and education , and an enabling environment .
bikes are ever more in vogue .
comparing friends ’ seemingly perfect lives with ours can lead us to withdraw socially .
west suggested that policymakers should see e-cigarettes as a smoking cessation aid and not subject them to the same regulations as smoking .
“ the preference is based on the idea that cash has a lower cost and is accepted everywhere. ” cash remains king in germany and austria , where more than half of all transactions are made with paper money and coins .
it is said to be electrogenic ; a fish that has the ability to detect electric fields is said to be electroreceptive .
good nutrition is particularly important for people with hiv .
pizzaexpress branches are to be targeted by protesters as part of an attempt to get the restaurant chain to stop creaming off a proportion of tips for staff that have been paid on credit and debit cards .
the winner of the series advances to play the winner of the national league championship series in baseball 's championship , the world series .
i was so cold and very worried – i didn ’ t know how bad my injuries were and my biggest fear was internal bleeding .
eddie vallone , 22 , is one of those on the bus every night .
“ betterboyfriend hit something , ” sullivan said .
the idea was – what about people ’ s shoes ? ” the word “ creepy ” comes up a lot during discussions of in-store tracking .
for these investors , the holy grail is to find a business model for moocs that will make them profitable – so far , courses have depended on universities being prepared to bankroll their star lecturers ’ curriculum design and online teaching time .
despite a drop in extreme poverty from 1.9bn in 1990 to 1.2bn in 2010 , the report says that progress in the next 15 years will be much harder .
loneliness has finally become a hot topic – the office for national statistics has found britain to be the loneliest country in europe .
blade of fire is the second novel in stuart hill 's fantasy series , the icemark chronicles .
“ the iucn should now lift its target from 30 to 33 % .
the sanctuary of endymion at heracleia under latmus on the southern slope of latmus still exists as a horseshoe-shaped chamber with an entrance hall and pillared forecourt .
they have a tremendous range .
the birth of the baby prince means the monarchy has three generations of heirs to the throne for the first time since 1894 .
in a decade , the social network has transformed people ’ s relationships , privacy , their businesses , news media , helped topple regimes and even changed the meanings of everyday words .
“ the freedom of expression that she defends as an artist is not in question , ” toledano said .
that ’ s the cruel genius of the protocol : it is unrelenting – and effective .
bad herrenalb is a municipality in the district of calw , in baden-württemberg , germany .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
a synonym for " lolcat " is cat macro , since the images are a type of image macro .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
governments shouldn ’ t assume that , just because somebody ’ s income hits $ 1.25 , that means job done , ” said andrew shepherd , research fellow at the overseas development institute , a partner of cpan , and lead author of the report .
lascaux is the setting of a complex of caves in southwestern france famous for its paleolithic cave paintings .
they have escaped working in the factories opposite .
he tests his ideas by buying facebook ads just to see what kind of traction they get .
his detractors claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the rising .
that could allow a retailer to automatically put targeted ads on screens aimed specifically at that person .
it ’ s not polite to talk about money .
and , when the bacteria washed off by soap repopulate , they tend to favour microbes which produce an odour – yes , too-frequent showering may actually make you smell more .
“ we tried to get funding to make it happen , but it ’ s slow and complex and it ’ s unproven and nobody wants to take a risk , ” he said .
but , in a statement , the dh said : “ we are very pleased to see the move towards tougher action on tobacco , with europe-wide controls banning flavoured cigarettes and the introduction of stricter rules on front-of-pack health warnings .
the book of nehemiah is a book of the hebrew bible , historically regarded as a continuation of the book of ezra , and is sometimes called the second book of ezra .
wilbur repays charlotte by bringing home with him the sac of eggs -lrb- her " magnum opus " -rrb- she had laid at the fair before dying .
frances was later absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on november 21 .
“ for example , it would make life difﬁcult , if not impossible , in much of the tropics and would guarantee the eventual melting of the greenland ice sheet and some of the antarctic ice sheet ” , with sea levels rising by many metres as a result .
the delay gives the air time to recover from the miniature whirlwinds caused by the preceding plane .
they do so at random times during the day , apparently happily , and , despite the rise in childhood obesity across the uk , none of the children at the school are overweight .
james howard " jim " thome -lrb- ; born august 27 , 1970 in -rrb- is a major league baseball designated hitter for the chicago white sox .
the ten projects presented each offered unique solutions to sustainability challenges but it was the nigerian initiative , wecyclers , that won arnold schwarzenegger ’ s , and the rest of jury ’ s , vote and took the sustainia award 2014 .
seven people were killed in attacks by tigers around national parks in 2012 compared to four in 2011 , park officials said .
the attempts at mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .
in faust 's study , the poodle transforms into the devil -lrb- mephistopheles -rrb- .
“ this wasn ’ t about french nationalism or patriotism .
geography the district was located on the banks of the freiberger mulde in the triangle between the cities of dresden , leipzig and chemnitz .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
most competitors , though , followed roger federer ’ s line that , although conditions were tough , they were the same for both players .
there ’ s too many of them and there are not enough big acts to headline them .
the officers ’ statements , presented as official police accounts to the subsequent inquiry , were changed to delete criticism of the police themselves on the day , and , largely , emphasize misbehaviour by supporters .
hillary diane rodham clinton -lrb- , born october 26 , 1947 -rrb- is the 67th united states secretary of state , serving within the administration of president barack obama .
consequently , the pharmaceutical industry ’ s incentive to manufacture new drugs that can fight them is low .
however , the no camp was victorious in 28 authorities .
gant says : “ mendes managed to engage with both the modern and the traditional bond audience , and he also pulled in high-calibre actors like ralph fiennes .
in 2014 , the retailer also spent £7m on a campaign featuring a realistic animated penguin and a young boy playing together to the tune of john lennon ’ s real love , sung by british singer-songwriter tom odell .
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
the authors say that their previous research shows that better-educated women are less likely to suffer violence , as are those who have jobs , although not in all regions .
the bank then lends these deposits to borrowers .
meanwhile , around the coast of australia , whales face an increased threat from ship strikes and oil and gas drilling , as well as japan ’ s recent pledge to resume whaling in antarctic waters .
french wine was , of course , allowed and french-canadian singer céline dion , but not , according to his advisers , french bands such as daft punk , who sing in english .
when iupac has received the researchers ’ suggestions , they will be put up for public review for five months .
“ i worked for 40 different mystery shopping companies for almost 20 years but i gave up entirely three years ago because i had bills to pay and very few assignments paid what i considered to be an acceptable rate. ” nowadays , mystery shopping companies mostly rely on the promise of freebies to incentivize their workers .
in europe , the emissions trading scheme was supposed to discourage high-carbon power generation by imposing a price on carbon dioxide emissions .
“ i used to do that all the time. ” “ one day , i realized i ’ m spending so much time doing this .
they would have a longer life in andorra ( 85 and 79 respectively ) but are marginally better off than in the us ( 81 and 76 ) , while if they lived in the central african republic , they would barely make it out of middle age ( 49 and 44 ) .
in europe , sales are down by 4 % , mostly because of unrest in ukraine and the sour anti-western mood in russia .
in fact , he earned just £10 from the patent and has not made a penny more from it since .
the data and analytics available to you are extraordinary .
among its requirements are that given names must be “ capable of having icelandic grammatical endings ” , may not “ conflict with the linguistic structure of iceland ” and should be “ written in accordance with the ordinary rules of icelandic orthography ” .
this differential forces the door into place .
gareth neame , the executive producer for the series , said : “ i think downton abbey secured highclere ’ s future. ” peter fincham , itv ’ s director of television , recalls the moment when highclere was booked .
“ it ’ s not a neighbourly place , where you can chat over the fence , ” he said .
such moments of self-doubt are fleeting , quickly replaced by the now-familiar bombast of a billionaire whose status as a “ winner ” has become his defining policy platform .
“ for many years , hunting was cultural .
monthly visitors in brazil were up 6 % in the last month to 70m , according to socialbakers , whose information is used by facebook advertisers .
some danced , some posed for photos , some drank , but mostly they just walked and talked football , waiting for the next game to begin on the nearby fanfest big screen .
when you hold your breath , you keep your diaphragm in this contracted state .
the number has doubled in 15 years .
“ traditional sources of income such as fishing are dying out , now that fleets are being dismantled and fish stocks are depleted , so tourism is the only way out , as long as it is sustainable , ” said sebastián galindo , a councillor from the socialist party , which is in opposition in tarifa but voted with the governing people ’ s party to give the project the green light .
one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
pollutants from diesel engines such as nitrogen oxide , carbon monoxide and particulates are thought to be responsible for at least one quarter of the 29,000 annual pollution-related deaths in the uk alone .
in ethiopia , teff is a national obsession .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
a spontaneous street party of argentinian fans was dispersed with pepper spray after the fans blocked roads .
i don ’ t know what people would be expecting me to say. ” she need not have worried .
months later , he still has the account but he admits : “ i don ’ t use it .
the predominant source of magnesium is dolomite -lrb- camg -lrb- co3 -rrb- 2 -rrb- .
great seal of the united states francis hopkinson provided assistance to the second committee that designed the great seal of the united states .
that evening , this woman was tickling dusty ’ s tummy and it just looked so inviting .
now , we have hard evidence we can point to that didn ’ t exist in the past , ” he said .
while few scientific studies have explored the issue , research from 2009 supports the notion .
he was released early , after five years .
“ the similarity is that we have a lot of animals – 300,000 red deer and more than 800,000 roe deer .
“ but with such actions , authorities are only sweeping the problem under the carpet , ” said poulopoulos .
free to download and use , they use the internet to swap text messages , pictures , voice clips , ’ stickers ’ , and even videos in whatsapp ’ s case , between most types of phones .
a material such as gold , which is chemically inert at normal scales , can serve as a potent chemical catalyst at nanoscales .
history the district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts eisenberg , jena and stadtroda .
collectively , the companies cover the vast majority of online email , search , video and communications networks .
environmental and conservation groups have protested that the project will harm the habitats of protected species , but for most councillors here the issue is simple : jobs .
would i enjoy it ? ” mathias , who works for the baltimore city government , had facebook and twitter accounts for years before deleting them both in november 2012 .
from the perspective of retailers , it ’ s understandable that physical shops want some of the information online outlets collect .
“ there are seniors who have to sometimes pick between whether they are going to pay for their medications or pay their bills or buy food , and that shouldn ’ t be the case. ” littman says the town has lost too many people working key jobs – such as teachers , police officers and even doctors and dentists – because they can ’ t afford to live in the community and the food pantry board is determined to do more to ensure people have a better shot at staying put .
there have been a number of fatalities where people have gone to a restaurant and alerted staff that they have an allergy to a particular food and the meal has been served up containing that allergen. ” the guide says most internet and shop-bought allergy tests have no scientific basis .
we witness the change as foreign fishing fleets ply our waters in a race to strip our resources .
but , instead of a shopping list , you notice she ’ s carrying handwritten notes about the appearance and cleanliness of the store .
it ’ s the first tv period drama that has really leapt out of the screen and become part of popular culture. ” lady carnarvon is still keen to emphasize that the long-term future of highclere is not necessarily secure .
“ freddie mercury had to be our most powerful stage performer , the best live performer we ’ ve ever had .
“ it is the only healthy way to start the day .
the parents might always be thinking 'what if ?
morace was quoted as saying that she had refused gaucci ’ s demand that she fire her deputy and the side ’ s trainer .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
gard is one of the original 83 departments created during the french revolution on march 4 , 1790 .
“ the main reason we are running the planet is that we are amazingly good at communicating and coordinating .
partnerships since 1990 the district has a partnership with the district main-kinzig in hessen , germany .
at one point , he consults a french language expert to check if he should be using “ cool ” and other anglicisms – he was advised to swap it for the nearest french equivalent : “ chouette ” .
it was a beautiful summer evening and i decided to go for a swim off doolin pier in county clare , ireland , where i moved in 2012 .
it ’ s four years later : you can understand she doesn ’ t want to give up her baby. ” the high court in pretoria has appointed the university of pretoria ’ s centre for child law to investigate what will now be in the best interests of the children , which is the guiding principle under south african law .
this category contains articles related to motorways in the united kingdom .
it is about a woman who is scarlett johansson ’ s double. ” delacourt ’ s lawyer , anne veil , who is also representing publisher jc lattès , said the allegations were “ totally scandalous ” .
her mother was related to charles reade , a victorian novelist .
he misses dinner dates .
three quarters of the world ’ s food production is thought to depend on bees and other pollinators such as hoverflies .
in reality , both processes occur and climate models encompassing this complexity predicted signiﬁcantly higher future temperatures than those only including the nine-mile-high clouds .
an open proxy is a proxy server that is accessible by any internet user .
for the 2008-09 season , tranmere rovers are playing in league one , the third tier of english football .
he also invented the binary system , foundation of virtually all modern computer architectures .
for example , a bucket of ice will cool a bottle of wine because it becomes a sink for heat in the liquid .
they are also trying to bring people into the cinema at a time when lots are staying home for entertainment .
we believe these products need to be regulated as medicines and will continue to make this point during further negotiations .
rather than blaming the young , we should be standing up for their interests so they can afford to build lives of their own. ” jenna gavin , 29 , lives in southport , merseyside , in the family home where she grew up .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
using a simple computer program to analyse people ’ s call patterns , they inferred who among the study volunteers was in a relationship .
penshurst place in kent , england has a little altered 14th century example .
it is , he said , an “ austerity drug ” – the response of dealers who have become ever more adept at producing synthetic drugs designed for those who can no longer afford more expensive highs from such drugs as heroin and cocaine .
british people are less likely to have strong friendships or know their neighbours than residents anywhere else in the eu and a relatively high proportion of them have no one to rely on in a crisis .
but this ... this is so warming .
characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
according to a letter sent to his church , he and his doctors believed that the cancer was fully treatable .
axani had made headlines in 2014 after offering an air ticket to any canadian named elizabeth gallagher .
you could put it on top of shopping malls .
they were then replaced by the 4th armored division in 1957 , which was redesignated as the 1st armored division in 1971 and moved to hindenburg kaserne in ansbach in 1972 .
this leads to a money-grabbing culture and , ironically , to bad service .
wooden slats bulge away from the sauna .
messaging is moving from verbal to visual .
orenthal james " o. j. " simpson -lrb- born july 9 , 1947 -rrb- , nicknamed " the juice " , is a retired american football player , actor , spokesman , and convicted felon .
food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in domestic cooking .
the bill allows analysts to search through the data if they suspect there is a 'reasonable suspicion ' that a suspect is associated with international terrorism .
rhys ap gruffydd agrees to negotiate with henry ii of england .
women are newcomers to big business , ” she points out .
5 there ’ s life out there apart from clouds and other planes , we don ’ t expect to see much directly outside a flying aircraft ’ s window , but the air is seething with bacterial life – as many as 1,800 different types of bacteria have been detected over cities and they can reach twice the cruising height of a plane .
jez frampton , chief executive of interbrand , which is part of global advertising group omnicom , said : “ benefitting immensely from the rise of digital and , later , mobile technology , savvy brands like apple grew stronger .
“ we 've had a really warm welcome in manaus .
yet , wealthier nations are not necessarily always safer for women – a third of women in high-income countries ( 32.7 % ) will experience violence at some stage in their lives .
the word is derived from ' pahar ' meaning mountain .
officials at the ministry said that they were awaiting more details and expected the man to be taken to the capital .
various houses of worship have joined together to ensure there is somewhere for the homeless to spend the night over the winter .
the atomic number is the number of protons found in an element ’ s atomic nucleus .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
in 1972 , arsonists set the bunker on fire .
tracking northwestward , the depression moved ashore near fort walton beach early on september 22 , and shortly thereafter it dissipated over southeastern alabama .
the documentary shows carle – realizing he is addicted to his iphone – smashing it with a brand-new french-made tefal saucepan , while his girlfriend shrieks : “ are you crazy ?
i think that ’ s common sense. ” abdullah said he was on a tourism drive “ for no other reason than the fact that i need to stimulate the econom ” .
choose the best answer according to the text .
stuart buchanan as humbert the huntsman : despite his status as the queen 's assassin , the huntsman can not bear to kill snow white , even when the queen orders him to take the princess 's heart .
one commentator called the event on 21 june “ a mix of cultural nationalism , commercialization and subtle coercion ” .
but ochre beach was an anomaly .
tag team match for the world tag team championship 08:51 2 chavo guerrero -lrb- c -rrb- defeated jimmy wang yang .
danes are not having enough babies , according to a report from the copenhagen hospital rigshospitalet , and the current rate of 1.7 children per family is not enough to maintain denmark ’ s population .
as the us census bureau reported in 2014 , the number of bike commuters grew from about 488,000 in 2000 to 786,000 in 2012 .
brazil – one of the last big countries in the world to ban slavery – has the largest population of african descent outside africa , but race and ancestry are less important here than colour .
but with unemployment high and cuts to benefits , it makes things tougher. ” that said , his project , which has well over 1,000 clients , is delivering results .
but the prospect of driverless cars replacing human-driven taxis has been the cause of some alarm .
“ it is great to see the upward trend continuing but britain is completely anomalous – we ’ ve lost more of our large mammals than any country except for ireland , ” he said .
a similar decrease is expected in 2013 and 2014 .
tabata has seen it all before .
mel mehmet , 23 , had been to black friday sales in 2013 and had expected queues but said the atmosphere in tesco scared her this time .
1 .
if they are not on a recognized list of 1,853 female and 1,712 male names , the parents must seek the approval of a body called the icelandic naming committee .
they had been sitting silently with their supporters in a sun-scorched garden and reacted with joy when the word came , hugging , dancing and eventually raising their hands to the sky to pray .
it ’ s mentally warming. ” two young mothers wheel their children into the square and stand in the sun .
obsidian has been used in cardiac surgery , as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels , with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nanometres wide .
but joseph roche is different from most critics : he ’ s on the shortlist of astronauts .
some of the problem may not be poor catering , though .
the northern section of upper egypt , between el-ayait and sohag is sometimes known as middle egypt .
by this reckoning , licence to kill is the worst-performing of all bonds , with moore ’ s final effort , a view to a kill , in second-to-last place .
daniel craig has been tied down at least until bond 25 , while the same writers have produced the script .
these are the once seemingly sci-fi questions that can now be experimentally tackled in the lab. ” as the technology develops , said french , scientists need to think about its uses carefully .
“ as for my players and staff , past and present , i would like to thank them all for a staggering level of professional conduct and dedication that has helped to deliver so many memorable triumphs .
“ when family members know that organ donation is what the deceased would have wanted , they usually agree to participate in the donation process .
boulogne-billancourt -lrb- often colloquially called simply boulogne -rrb- is a commune in the western suburbs of paris , france .
café rouge , bella italia and belgo deduct 10 % , as do strada and giraffe , which is owned by tesco .
this is an ornithologist ’ s dream : 200,000 hectares of salt marsh of unrivalled importance to the birdlife of western europe .
' , because i had never heard of highclere castle .
instead , it is a reconstructive process , which involves building a specific memory from fragments of real memory traces of the original event , but also possibly including information from other sources. ” he cautioned that the false memories created in the mice in the experiments were far simpler than the complex false memories that have generated controversy within psychology and psychiatry – for example , false memories of childhood sexual abuse , or even memories for bizarre ritualized satanic abuse , abduction by aliens , or “ past lives ” .
the good news for the economy is that 98 % of winners ’ spending remained in the uk .
“ it is the first time that finance has been fast , efficient and meritocratic , because it is not about 'how do i get access to the decision makers in that bank ? '
a butler 's tray often has a gallery , or deeper surround , handles on the short sides to facilitate carrying -lrb- usually cut into the surround -rrb- , and a portable stand with folding legs .
that made a difference to me , keeping my sanity. ” being back on earth with the rest of humanity had not quite sunk in , he added , recalling how shocked he had been to see a crowd of people after a previous mission .
gustafsson talks about broader goals and objectives for the swedish justice department : “ in 2013 and 2014 , the priority of our work will be with young offenders and men with convictions of violent behaviour .
the method has already allowed the discovery of haemorrhages and fractures that were not picked up during conventional autopsies .
sleep may be a performance enhancer but it ’ s an inefficient one .
currently , a traffic light can detect when a car is approaching but that ’ s about it .
the gap in the stratford streetscape has never been filled but a five-year archaeology project has peeled back the years and the news that shakespeare ’ s kitchen had been found in the partly surviving cellars went round the world .
joel glazer , joint owner of manchester united , said : “ alex has proven time and time again what a fantastic manager he is but he ’ s also a wonderful person .
as jfk said , our problems are manmade and can be solved by man. ” “ you ’ ve never had better tools to make a difference , ” he told the a-level and uk –us exchange students at the q & a session .
there is not any way to expand .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
it ’ s a fact that ’ s covered in a government-led review , released in may 2016 , in which workers , employers and customers were asked their views on the tipping process .
7 neo-walled gardens gardens stopped being just the preserve of people ’ s front lawns long ago .
imagine doing eight of them with only a ten- second break to recover .
the official title of the expedition is the mua voyage and it is a partnership between the international union for conservation of nature ( iucn ) oceania regional office and five pacific island countries : samoa , tonga , new zealand , the cook islands and fiji .
on 22 september , french sudan proclaimed itself the republic of mali and withdrew from the french community .
these records , called engrams , are encoded in physical and chemical changes in brain cells and the connections between them .
thirdly , for some color blind people , color can only be distinguished if there is a sufficient " mass " of color : thin lines might appear black while a thicker line of the same color can be perceived as having color .
but chris urmson , director of the self-driving car project at google , said that the new prototypes dispensed with the steering wheel and brakes because there was no guarantee that a human occupant would be able to take over in an emergency , and that it was simpler just to have an emergency stop button .
our bodies have become input/output devices that we monitor and optimize for greater efficiency and sleep has become another data set to be tracked .
this tree is a frequent destination for pilgrims , being the most important of the four main buddhist pilgrimage sites .
“ our nation has lost its greatest son .
you don ’ t need to go cold turkey , as hamblin did , but in between thrice-daily disinfecting sessions and giving up showers altogether there lies room for our familiar , simple advice .
she has to care for a child that is not hers on her own while her child is with someone else. ” the woman reportedly became unhappy with the process and approached the children ’ s court in a bid to gain custody of her biological child , but the other mother refused .
his contributions to manchester united over the last 27 years have been extraordinary and , like all united fans , i want him to be a part of its future. ” david gill , the outgoing chief executive , said : “ i ’ ve had the tremendous pleasure of working very closely with alex for 16 unforgettable years – through the treble , the double , countless trophy wins and numerous signings .
one-third of quit attempts use e-cigarettes , which makes them by far the most popular method of stopping. ” hazel cheeseman , director of policy at ash , said it was too soon to say whether vaping had peaked .
the stanford mirror relies on the ultimate heat sink : the universe itself .
today , immense love is invested in rhinos , yet they are being slaughtered in ever greater numbers .
the former location of the fort is currently called the place de la bastille .
autism is a developmental disorder seen in more than one in 100 people .
if recent research is to be believed , loneliness is killing the elderly and , with an ageing population , we should aim to reduce our isolation before it is too late .
“ at the end of my sentence i got an opportunity to put my little model into practice , ” he says .
but the increase in numbers of organs harvested is still not enough .
the proposal still needs approval from other commissioners and a technical committee but “ we don ’ t expect any major internal hurdles , ” a european union ( eu ) source added .
there was no fishing equipment on the boat , but a turtle was inside when it washed up .
it also opens the possibility of communications made entirely within the us being collected without warrants .
poutrincourt 's son bequeathed the settlement to charles de saint-étienne de la tour upon his own death in 1623 .
redwall is a series of fantasy novels by brian jacques .
“ facebook has been taken over by the older generation .
for agios efstratios and its closest large neighbour , lemnos , the timing of the crisis is particularly cruel .
bagnotar is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
for example , on the left-hand side of the brain , above the ear , is one of the tiny regions that represents the word “ victim ” .
virunga used to be a very peaceful place and can be again .
a fundamental connection was noticed between the module theory , and the p-adic l-functions that were defined in the 1960s by kubota and leopoldt .
strydom agreed to represent the woman , who has one elder child , pro bono .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
his billing , “ the beale street blues boy ” , was shortened to “ blues boy king ” and thence to “ bb ” .
away from their phones , 12- to 15-year-olds have a very different relationship with other media , too .
celestus microblepharis is a species of lizard in the anguidae family .
a recent crash in music sales in japan , which accounts for one fifth of music industry sales and where physical formats remained popular for longer than elsewhere , meant sales across all formats globally fell 3.9 % .
“ liquid will not be used .
“ wealth is still one of our last taboos. ” speaking in his soft , soothing voice that makes you want to spill all your worries , cockrell said that a common mistake that many of his wealthy clients make is letting their money define them .
“ a lot of my knowledge was self-taught , and now i would love to be able to write a manual and share it with other people , ” he added .
worst part of the job : the deadlines , for wells , who admits he quite likes the food .
temporary urban farms and ecology demos are just some of the ideas to have emerged out of the movement , which celebrates a day of action every september .
i ’ m a romantic at heart. ” there are plans to roll out the site in france and the uk later in 2013 , but for now it is the danes who are reaping the benefits .
it records changes in pulse , blood pressure , sweating and breathing to ascertain whether a subject is lying .
this is a list of german chancellors since 1871 by longevity .
it ’ s isolated .
technicians say that the noor 2 and 3 plants , due to open in 2017 , will store energy for up to eight hours – opening the prospect of 24/7 solar energy in the sahara and the surrounding region .
now , it ’ s all about walls .
three cameras attached to baumgartner ’ s suit recorded his free-fall of just over four minutes – which failed to break the existing free-fall record for duration – and then the parachute opening .
if you can find a home to buy anywhere in east hampton for $ 500,000 , you ’ re very lucky. ” cantwell says more than half the town ’ s homes are empty for most of the year , which causes the population to dwindle to as little as 10,000 in the winter months compared with 80,000 in august .
it is generally perceived as upscale and more sophisticated than lad mags , such as maxim or fhm .
aigné is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
less enjoyable , however , were the fins , the weight belt , the wetsuit , air tank , mask and all the other equipment .
in some restaurants , the government has seen evidence of waiters being forced to hand over their own cash , if they don ’ t collect enough tips , to cover these fees .
fears that vaping could become fashionable among young non-smokers appear to be misplaced , according to experts .
in the maldives , the populations of whole islands are now looking to abandon their homes .
if wealthy americans talk about the unique challenges that come with their wealth , people often dismiss their experience .
fw de klerk – the south african president who freed mandela , shared the nobel peace prize with him in 1993 and paved the way for him to become south africa ’ s first post-apartheid head of state – said the news was deeply saddening for south africa and the world .
“ the national plan of action for children does not recognize the needs of street children , ” says nasrin .
united states admission day -lrb- 1889 -rrb- of north dakota and south dakota as 39th and 40th states .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
it would mean a great deal to me if you would please refrain from taking photos or filming during the shows .
serving the new rich – and the old money – is a booming luxury market .
“ it ’ s not surprising people are putting on earphones or even noise cancelling headphones to try and create a quieter or more congenial environment , ” he said .
all of these apps plug into your phone book and your photo library .
dna taken from the wisdom tooth of a european hunter-gatherer has given scientists an unprecedented glimpse of modern humans before the rise of farming .
sohay also runs sessions for parents and employers to discourage child labour and offers skills training to increase family income .
other fashion brands in the top 100 include boss , prada and ralph lauren .
“ shisha can be sniffed or injected and it can be made in home laboratories – you don ’ t need any specialized knowledge .
training was ad hoc .
one ordered nine cases of japanese whisky costing over $ 750 a bottle for a wedding reception .
when it comes to climate change , we have the bad habit of focusing on the first part of the story , the part about the problem , and forgetting the second part about the many available solutions .
the government ’ s agricultural transformation agency aims to boost yields by developing improved varieties of the grain , along with new planting techniques and tools to reduce post-harvest losses .
and much of what is in our minds is what sandberg calls a “ draft ” of what we might do .
it brings hope that we are more resilient than we think : that we will be here , that there will be trees , that there will be books and readers , and civilization. ” mitchell said he found writing the book “ quite liberating because i won ’ t be around to take the consequences of this being good or bad ...
the coat of arms was established about 1350 , when six towns of upper lusatia founded a confederacy .
the extent of the benefits have yet to be determined but researchers from stirling university have launched a comparative study to look for quantitative evidence of the physical , cognitive and emotional benefits of the daily mile .
by the end of the day , the food pantry ’ s organizers expect more than 400 families to have followed maria through the doors to collect their weekly food parcel to help them get through the cold , dark long island winter .
it has a stopper at the top and stopcock -lrb- tap -rrb- , at the bottom .
the town was built on the mouth of a small tributary ; the high street once met the water at the top of the river .
to test the animals ’ ability to share brain information , they put the rats in two separate compartments .
macbeth will open in singapore , romeo and juliet in brussels .
burberry has launched what is only its second festive film , featuring romeo beckham and elton john , while electrical chain currys drafted in jeff goldblum for its first ever dedicated christmas ad .
he hopes to encourage his son with the more manageable timetable of about 15 hours of fasting as compared with about 18 hours in edmonton .
he is called saint james the greater to distinguish him from james , son of alphaeus , who is also known as james the less .
alamin , ten , who used to work in a plastic factory , attends one of the centres .
after being told for the umpteenth time that the beer she wanted would be “ too dark and too strong for you , love – have something sweeter ” , rebecka singerer had had enough .
2 .
carle , 26 , set out , in 2013 , to see if it was possible to live using only french-made products for ten months as part of a television documentary .
some winners ( 15 % ) have started their own businesses , 9 % have helped others to do so , and 6 % have invested in or bought other people ’ s businesses .
the meat product , banned in europe since the bse crisis , was dropped by mcdonald ’ s in 2012 .
end of story , ” replied the company ) .
but the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) won a landslide victory in may 2014 on a pledge to reinvigorate the ailing economy .
the company , which trains dolphins and killer whales to perform tricks in front of stadiums full of spectators , has reported declines in attendance , sales and profits because of “ continued brand challenges ” .
“ this has really caught the attention and the imagination of bicycle dealers , ” says currie ’ s larry pizzi .
“ this tells us that we could create a workable network of animal brains distributed in many different locations. ” nicolelis said the team is now working on ways to link several animals ’ brains at once to solve more complex tasks .
“ i don ’ t think that ’ s how moocs work , ” says brabon .
cause and effect run both ways , with our concern leading to our misperceptions as much as our misperceptions creating our concern .
in the a mathematics , a product is the result of multiplying , or an expression that identifies factors to be multiplied .
“ i looked for couples and gave the bouquet to the girl but that didn ’ t go down well with the boyfriend .
while , as in the uk , no one has fallen ill from eating mislabelled produce , the outbreak of anger shows no sign of abating .
“ the only reason to stop would be if it hurts my health , ” karim said .
this volcano is well known for its ash explosions and pyroclastic flows .
indiegogo does not offer shares but allows users to offer “ perks ” for different levels of donation – those helping to fund hunt ’ s innovative light not only got to feel good about helping the less well off but also got their own light .
yet the fate of doñana still hangs in the balance thanks to the increasing pressures of modern life .
however , there are exceptions to this rule , such as defense rather than defence .
it has been an honour and an enormous privilege to have had the opportunity to lead your club and i have treasured my time as manager of manchester united. ” the sudden nature of ferguson ’ s departure is in keeping with how the scot stated he would leave the post after he mentioned a first retirement during the 2001/2 season before performing a u-turn .
then , on december 21 , 1994 the volcano spewed gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km -lrb- 16 mi -rrb- away by prevailing winds .
those files are kept secret for 40 years , and then opened to public scrutiny .
the hubble space telescope observed fortuna in 1993 .
at the height of its glory , ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of constantinople , baghdad and cairo .
“ i ’ m going to be explicitly clear , ” axani said , shortly after the pair returned to toronto .
he has , however , managed to nail his own legs to a table , and knocked neil out during a game of cricket , albeit unintentionally .
it ’ s a simple case of that .
the iss , he said , is a place that uses the power of the sun and was built with the help of an international team and millions of taxpayers .
for smart , the extraordinary journey from gang member to mentor began when he witnessed , from within , a prison system that was so obviously failing its inmates .
ashley , 22 , london : 'tips go towards customer breakages ' average tips : £10-15 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... australia i work in a south-east london pub in the evenings and i do day shifts at a local restaurant .
one third of the world ’ s arable land is used to grow crops to feed animals .
ipswich were elected to the football league on 30 may , 1938 , and played in division three -lrb- south -rrb- until the end of the 1953 – 54 season , when they won the title and promotion to division two .
no state has paid any attention to decades of developing international norms on cultural and indigenous rights , which support bolivia ’ s efforts. ” the decision to ban coca chewing was based on a 1950 report produced by the un commission of inquiry on the coca leaf , which proponents of drug liberalization say was not based on supporting evidence .
“ the way i was taught as a doctor and everybody else is taught is that , in malarial areas , you become semi-immune as an adult , ” said dr christopher murray , ihme director and one of the founders of the global burden of disease project .
peter richardson then negotiated a deal for six self-contained half-hour films , using the group as comedy actors rather than stand-up performers .
aged 79 , he has been driving a taxi for 50 years and claims never to have had an accident .
with the support of neighbourhood groups , the city has begun policing bars and nightclubs more strictly , while , at the same time , fighting to implement a new “ noise ordinance ” ( read : music ordinance ) .
getting exclusives for big albums is going to become crucial to streaming .
i think , coming out of it , i can ’ t imagine it going much better than it did. ” axani made it back to toronto at 3am on monday , 12 january , when the holiday came to an abrupt halt .
when he went to london to present the headset at the prestigious founders forum , he stayed in an airbnb .
it debuted at # 20 on vh1 's vh1 top 20 video countdown on june 28 , 2008 .
on saturday the irish daily star published the photos , leading to the editor being suspended on monday night pending the outcome of an internal investigation .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
in a 2009 poll conducted by an online restaurant guide , 72 % of respondents said provenance was the most important factor in selecting dishes from a menu , followed by calorific and nutritional details .
in 2007 , that number was 9.2m .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
minutes later , as crowds of well- wishers outside cheered , “ it ’ s a boy ” , the formal medical bulletin was taken from the hospital to a waiting car by ed perkins , prince william ’ s press secretary .
acting career chase 's big break came later in 2002 when she won the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl , lilo pelekai , in the disney animated feature , lilo & stitch .
for anyone unaware of how it works , someone gives a short speech to camera about the charity , then dumps a bucket of ice cubes in water over their head , or gets a friend to do it , before nominating three people to either do the same or donate .
the aggregate income distribution is highly concentrated towards the top , with the top 6.37 % earning roughly one third of all income , and those with upper-middle incomes control a large , though declining , share of the total earned income .
the building overhauls are being carried out in the wake of the collapse of the rana plaza complex in the capital of bangladesh , dhaka , in 2013 , in which 1,138 people were killed .
in the second – a marketing shot after she became famous – she seems paler .
“ the message from this announcement should be clear to every culpable individual who remains in the shadows , hoping to evade our investigation : you will not escape our focus , ” said lynch .
with this program , the nsa is able to reach directly into the servers of the participating companies and obtain both stored communications and perform real-time collection on targeted users .
the company ’ s co-founder , sergey brin , told a conference in california that the vehicle was “ still in the prototype stage ” but that the project was “ about changing the world for people who are not well served by transportation today ” .
among the 197 million population , 82 million said they were “ pardu ” ( mixed race ) , 15 million black , two million asian and 0.5 % indigenous .
this method can result in infection , and injury to internal organs -lrb- for example pulling out the intestines -rrb- , resulting in death .
the authorities ’ only legal weapon is a law banning misleading representations of goods and services .
since then , 51 phantom and electric blue watermelon have received nominations in that same category .
these are just some of the ways his company changed everything – for better or worse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
“ the pictures are all over twitter and instagram .
the department of health would not comment on the advertising issue until officials had studied the meps ’ decisions .
“ then one day i read a profile from a 38-year-old who said she knew it was 'really bad to admit ' but she wanted children .
it was built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the world bank .
“ women opt for a glass of wine because they don ’ t know what beer is all about ; they don ’ t know what to order , ” says carlsson .
it ’ s estimated that more than 500,000 people have registered as mystery shoppers in the uk , but just 10 % or less manage to get regular work each month and this has led to a dramatic reduction in compensation .
“ at first it was just a bit of fun but then it became more serious , more and more about making money .
however , the partial automation of cars is already underway .
“ even in most of our cities , there are birds and things to appreciate in the environment , and there can be very rich natural choruses to pay attention to .
donald became the most popular of the disney characters in scandinavia .
“ such rich false memories will clearly involve many brain systems and we are still a long way from understanding the processes involved in their formation at the neuronal level , ” said professor french .
it also featured original ecw talent .
the mass collection of telephone records by government surveillance programmes poses a clear threat to the personal privacy of ordinary citizens , according to us researchers who used basic phone logs to identify people and uncover confidential information about their lives .
but this is no longer the case .
they are welcoming and friendly .
the swiss federal office of justice said of the latest arrests : “ they are being held in custody pending their extradition .
companies like bosch , the german electronics giant , and shimano , the leading manufacturer of bicycle gears , are entering the business , which should help erode resistance from bike shops .
this is also the origin of the terms ante meridiem and post meridiem as noted below .
“ you need so much money that i will have to save for the foreseeable future , ” he said .
as demand for blackberry handsets fades , the once noisy bbm grapevine is falling silent .
he was involved in litigation in 1889 with his former assistant charles a. borst , and the " great star-catalog case " peters v. borst went before the supreme court of new york .
if i don ’ t defend my country , who will ? ” ordinary citizens , in private conversation , are less defiant .
mostly found in andhra pradesh also in orissa , tamil nadu and karnataka .
speaking outside 10 downing street , david cameron said : “ it is wonderful news from st mary ’ s , paddington , and i am sure that , right across the country , and , indeed , right across the commonwealth , people will be celebrating and wishing the royal couple well .
' ” she also has a no-nonsense attitude to weight gain : “ i just think people shouldn ’ t eat too much .
lots of people take photographs .
the hit single starman brought instant success for the album , while bowie ’ s ravishing stage costumes and provocative performances triggered fan enthusiasm unseen since beatlemania .
big us cities like los angeles , seattle and chicago are working to make better use of their streets by adding more bus lanes , augmenting pedestrian walkways and expanding their rail options , while at the same time working with the private sector on advanced technologies that will allow a vehicle to drive itself and communicate with other vehicles and its environment , essentially making transportation intelligent .
shakespeare bought the splendid new place , the second best house in the town , where he died , according to literary legend , on st george ’ s day , 23 april , the same day as his birth .
this has angered residents , who claim the increased traffic on their quiet roads reduces their quality of life .
when the researchers analyzed the questionnaires , they found that well-being in the apes fell in middle age and climbed again as the animals moved into old age .
the study , which was published in the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences , has raised eyebrows among some scientists but , according to the authors , the findings suggest that the midlife crisis may have its roots in the biology humans share with our closest evolutionary cousins .
william j. " bill " bowerman -lrb- february 19 , 1911 – december 24 , 1999 -rrb- was an american track and field coach and co-founder of nike , inc .
bee larvae make a sweet mayonnaise used in place of eggs and scientists are constantly coming up with new ways to use little creatures .
mckinlay believes huge investment will be needed before navigation systems will be good enough to allow technologies such as autonomous vehicles to take off .
it is hard to know for sure because so few atoms of each element have ever been made .
the accounts of highclere enterprises for 2014-15 show current assets have almost trebled to around £1m since 2012 .
during the play , violet signs the marriage document with her left hand to invalidate the bill .
one road sign i passed was liberally daubed with obscenities about the workers ’ union ugt , which supports the mine ’ s reopening .
“ the betrayal of trust set forth here is outrageous , ” the us attorney general , loretta lynch , said .
the threatened extinction of the tiger in india , the perilous existence of the orangutan in indonesia , the plight of the panda : these are wildlife emergencies with which we have become familiar .
when he learned to speak russian , he studied computer translation of human languages at moscow state university in the soviet union in the school of kolmogorov .
china is already successfully setting up huge maggot farms .
this resulted in a vest with vertical stripes of white and navy-blue color .
the congress of vienna recognized it as a grand duchy and member of the german confederation .
there are claims that thousands of people were impaled at a single time .
leading water scientists have issued one of the sternest warnings yet about global food supplies , saying that the world ’ s population may have to switch almost completely to a vegetarian diet by 2050 to avoid catastrophic shortages .
maybe there will be terrain that the map doesn ’ t know about , unless you ’ ve mapped that exact route before .
the most common symptoms of mi in women include dyspnea , weakness , and fatigue .
but they are .
a spokesman for the company conducting the survey commented : “ the hotel of mum and dad is often staying open for longer than many anticipated , our latest research shows .
i shudder to think that one of these things might come down on a crowded highway. ” part of the solution , singh said , is simple contingency planning : “ if things fail , the vehicle has to do something reasonable . ”
on the edge of the sahara desert and at the centre of the north african country ’ s “ ouallywood ” film industry , it has played host to big-budget location shots in lawrence of arabia , the mummy , the living daylights and even game of thrones .
here , wolves are part of the solution , ” he says .
we got used to this state of affairs ; a steady escalation in the arms race between us and the bacteria .
the highest elevation in puerto rico , cerro de punta -lrb- 4,390 feet ; 1,338 m -rrb- , is located in this range .
i ’ m ready to give up at 45 seconds but i push on through and it seems to get easier for a while .
uri hasson , a neuroscientist at princeton university , praised the work .
fire salamanders can have a very long lifespan .
he says the effect of removing the leader is often to destabilize the entire gang .
death threats followed her growing recognition , and , on 9 october 2012 , following a meeting of pakistani taliban leaders , the gunman was dispatched to remove what they called the “ symbol of infidels and obscenity ” .
the ultranationalist leader of russia ’ s liberal democrat party , vladimir zhirinovsky , said it was not a meteorite but military action by the united states , echoing much of the speculation voiced on amateur film footage .
the core may be composed of solid and liquid layers , while the cores of mars and venus are thought to be completely solid as they lack an internally generated magnetic field .
the message and the bottle will be on display at hamburg ’ s maritime museum until the beginning of may 2014 , after which experts will attempt to decipher the rest of the text .
i ’ m trying it right now .
littlest pet shop is a toy franchise owned by hasbro .
churches up and down the north and south fork of long island take on the burden one night at a time and roughly 50 homeless people are bussed between them every day .
occultations by hermione have been successfully observed three times so far , the last time in february , 2004 .
in northumberland dark sky park , as the area was rebadged , it is so dark that venus casts a shadow on the earth .
in an age of electronic payment systems and contactless cards , more are questioning whether printing these notes can be justified .
aesthetics aside , green walls are credited with reducing air pollution and improving air quality .
tiko united fc is a cameroonian football club based in tiko .
one night , a mexican colleague learnt that the american consul in the port city of veracruz was being held hostage at gunpoint in his ofﬁce .
much better than an egg or a sandwich or a cup of tea , ” said arvind singh at 6.15am as he did his breathing exercises on a bench .
“ these problems can be solved , but we need to get serious about it , ” he says .
europe is to become the first place in the world to force 'real-world ' emissions tests on car makers , opening up a new front in the fight to tackle air pollution .
seven people listened to two hours of stories each .
“ we have to reach a minimum threshold and have a forecast that it will be sustained for a reasonable time , ” mckewen said in a statement .
“ you voted for action , not politics as usual , ” obama said in his address , but there was little sign that his call would be answered , with the president facing the prospect of doing business with a hostile republican-led house of representatives for at least another two years and a looming showdown over spending and debt – the so-called “ fiscal cliff ” .
this new start in his private life coincided with a search for fresh musical inspiration .
as a result , coal was used to meet nearly half of the rise in demand for energy globally in the past decade .
as facebook itself has warned , the time spent on its pages from those sitting in front of personal computers is declining rapidly because we are switching our screen time to smartphones and tablets .
the union has also written to the restaurant chain ’ s ceo , richard hodgson .
the idea that we can ’ t have clean air because it will cause noise problems is ridiculous .
following the death of his father wossen seged , sahle selassie arrives at the capital qundi before his other brothers , and is made meridazmach of shewa .
south africa ’ s first black president died in the company of his family at home in johannesburg after years of declining health , which had caused him to withdraw from public life .
recently , an entire summer ’ s worth of rain fell in one morning on detroit , overwhelming its outdated sewerage systems .
ornamental plants are typically grown in the flower garden or as house plants .
the program is subject to oversight by the foreign intelligence surveillance court , the executive branch and congress .
baumgartner has made a name for himself with acts of daring .
each year , the global number of deaths to which bacterial resistance contributes far outstrips those caused by terrorist attacks .
and i ’ d say , 'who told you that ? '
january 30 indian pacifist and leader mahatma gandhi is assassinated by nathuram godse .
oen siew yock took over as principal in 2005 when ong was transferred to nan chiau high school .
“ in order to analyze the colour of the blood , the consistencies ( of body fluids ) or smells , we ’ ll need to keep on with the conventional cut , ” said lars oesterhelweg , deputy director of the institute of forensic medicine at the charité hospital in berlin , which is using a version of the virtopsy .
all other subjects may be sat in either ordinary or higher levels .
fifa 's supreme body is the fifa congress , an assembly made up of representatives from each affiliated member association .
a dna test was done and it was found it was not his baby and not her baby .
a new sneak-peek image of hydra is the first to reveal its apparent irregular shape and its size , estimated to be about 43 by 33km .
on 8 november 1917 , lenin was elected the chairman of the council of people 's commissars by the russian congress of soviets .
plans have been outlined to build an oil pipeline through doñana , while other developers have announced proposals to expand local tourist resorts whose new hotels and golf courses would demand water supplies that would further erode the local table .
music musical numbers follows is a listing of the thirty-three compositions written by members of the beatles that are heard on the soundtrack , in the order featured in the film .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
talking to the men earmarked to be the elite referees of the future , the question elicits a knowing smile .
“ when you put the compressor into the unit with all of the rest of the stuff , the batteries and the electronics and the membranes for the scuba delivery , the big trick was to be able to get it small enough so that it would be able to be held through the teeth and out of the mouth , ” redmond says .
original ratings the original movie ratings -lrb- used from 1968 to 1970 -rrb- were : g -lrb- general audiences -rrb- : all ages admitted .
pethidine is also relatively contraindicated for use when a patient is suffering from liver , or kidney disease , has a history of seizures or epilepsy , has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems , or suffers from hypothyroidism , asthma , or addison 's disease .
“ but in reality , he is out there sacrificing himself for us .
in christianity , an archbishop is an elevated bishop .
in october 1983 , the grameen bank project was transformed into an independent bank by government legislation .
gun dogs gun dogs are used primarily by small game hunters using shotguns .
it ’ s always been on the cards – there ’ s speculation every season .
the lonely mountain jar inscription , the first published tengwar sample , dates to 1937 -lrb- the hobbit , most editions -rrb- .
but , perhaps it ’ s also because numbers in a non-native language are often heard out of context or in isolation , when the listener might have switched off from the foreign language and be unable to suddenly tune in .
as a student , he explains , he studied philosophy by day and taught himself how to code by night .
“ so i can ’ t say how i think of all the news stories of all the year. ” besides the news , he said , steady work helped keep him sane : “ i tried to have milestones that were close , like when is the next crew arriving , the next spacewalk , the next robotics , the next science experiment .
this gives the vegetation a chance. ” the ban on wolf hunting in the western carpathians came into force in 1995 and nationwide in poland in 1998 .
“ the programme has allowed us to spend faster on the buildings , have the follies restored. ” in the pipeline is a tutankhamun centenary event in 2022 , 100 years after the 5th earl of carnarvon , together with howard carter , discovered the tomb that revolutionized our understanding of egyptology .
“ i shifted towards it naturally , ” he said of his becoming an expert in wealth therapy .
so , rather than just get in underwater and spend 30 seconds holding their breath , i wanted to do a little bit more than they were able to do , ” says redmond , 27 .
the customer next to you in the queue looks innocent enough .
“ we open up new worlds to them. ” “ i used not to like stout but , back then , i only drank pripps [ a light , swedish lager ] , ” says singerer , 38 .
as the national economy continues to falter , sardinia , along with much of southern and central italy , is grappling with high unemployment , with the overall joblessness rate at 17.7 % in the second quarter of 2014 , according to italy ’ s national institute of statistics , istat .
the white sox play in the american league 's central division .
in many ways , with their wrinkly heads and beady eyes , they remind lima residents of the side of their city they would rather ignore : the neglect , poverty and filth .
biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy , but should be distinguished from folk taxonomy , which lacks scientific basis .
“ how is new orleans different from the rest of the country ?
the province has an area of 3,125 km ² which is divided into eight administrative districts -lrb- arrondissementen -rrb- containing 64 municipalities .
“ i suspect there ’ s something about these intact soundscapes that reminds our ancestral brains of a place that ’ s safe , where there ’ s no sense of a predator nearby , and that these more cluttered soundscapes are problematic for us because we know we ’ ve lost that surveillance capability , ” he said .
however , he acknowledges that some of the credit must go to another “ key member ” of the tasting team : lily , the border terrier .
“ we are starting with pizzaexpress but they are by no means the only offender and we will be turning our attention to other companies after this. ” the protests are being organized by local branches of unite , with the first taking place at the british museum branch of pizzaexpress in london .
“ without the habitats directive , i don ’ t think we would have had this recovery , ” he said .
“ john lewis still does the emotional piece the best .
for all adults , this rises to 20 % and , for young adults , it is still three times as high at 9 % .
a good education system – basic literacy is crucial for older people as they deal with the pensions bureaucracy – is of great benefit later in life .
annaser benghazi is a libyan football club based in benghazi , libya .
they are popular in much of europe , too .
the monastery was entirely rebuilt by lord smbat of the house of orbelian , a branch of the liparitids who were expelled to armenia in the late 12th century from georgia .
“ basically , we are creating what i call an organic computer. ” the scientists first demonstrated that rats can share , and act on , each other ’ s sensory information by electrically connecting their brains via tiny grids of electrodes that reach into the motor cortex , the brain region that processes movement .
after the end of the fifth overtime period , managers conn smythe of the maple leafs and art ross of the bruins asked league president frank calder to suspend the game , but calder refused .
viennese-born helena hartlauer , 32 , said she was not surprised at her city ’ s top position .
the city declined after the war and recovered its importance only in the nineteenth century , when it grew as an industrial center .
in his victory speech in chicago , obama referred to the long queues to vote and said there was a need for electoral reform .
any reduction in efforts at this stage and moment in history would be disastrous for our oceans. ” after difficult negotiations , the world parks congress delegates passed a motion that will dramatically shift the goals for global marine management .
instead , scottish illustrator johanna basford is topping the charts with her colouring books for adults , taking top spots on amazon.com ’ s bestseller lists .
“ what are the experimenters really interested in ?
the world bank and international monetary fund have argued that extreme income inequality undermines growth and both organizations have attempted to tie their loans to programmes that limit the growth of inequality .
they “ represent a normal , 'healthy ' metagenome profile of a city ” .
it is found only on christmas island , australia .
streaming and subscription revenues rose by more than 50 % in 2013 to reach $ 1.1bn , helping overall sales of recorded music in europe grow for the first time in 12 years , according to figures published in march 2014 .
some residents are responding , posting photos of illicit dumps on the twitter feed and facebook page .
two-thirds of men pressed a button to deliver a painful jolt during a 15-minute spell of solitude .
in china , the top 10 % now take home nearly 60 % of the income .
they occupied an area which is now the independent cities of norfolk , portsmouth , chesapeake and virginia beach .
he was a sure tackler and it was next to impossible to fool him on trick maneuvers .
the huge distances have led to some sharply contrasting world cup experiences .
the two men toured new england and successfully raised private and public funds to found a school for deaf students in hartford , which later became known as the american school for the deaf .
boots , another retailer launching its festive campaign in early november , is going back to a more traditional approach after a critically acclaimed ad in 2014 , which featured a family going to great lengths to get together at christmas .
the project makes a serious point .
after napier initially gained military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the sindh amirs , his forces attacked the fortress at imamgarh .
a british woman , lauren pears , raised £100,000 to open a “ cat café ” in london through the site .
description pack rats are prevalent in the deserts and highlands of western united states and northern mexico .
with south africa facing possible civil war , mandela sought reconciliation with the white minority to build a new democracy .
the municipality has about 5700 inhabitants .
it ’ s the best way of preserving solar system history .
worst thing about the job : “ there are no negatives , ” says robin tutcher , chief helicopter pilot for western power distribution overhead- power network .
she moved the centre ground of british politics and was a huge figure on the world stage .
of the seven candidates , he topped each of the four straw polls conducted by the united nations security council : on 24 july , 14 september , 28 september , and 2 october .
not only that , but a significant number of those subscribers come from bundled deals with mobile phone operators so it is debatable just how “ active ” its users are .
it is hard to tell exactly where the noise is coming from , but impossible to miss it from anywhere in damascus : all day and night you can hear the dull thud and boom of artillery , rockets or planes pounding rebel positions – the sound of war getting closer to syria ’ s capital .
temperature rises resulting from unchecked climate change will be at the severe end of those projected , according to a new scientiﬁc study .
the county 's motto , " we wu n't be druv " , reflects the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries .
on the brain ’ s right-hand side , near the top of the head , is one of the brain spots activated by family terms : “ wife ” , “ husband ” , “ children ” , “ parents ” .
“ we respect our clients and their confidentiality .
the study , which has been published in the international journal of sports medicine , found that , when scores for the three kinds of fitness were combined , those born in april were the least fit , then those in june .
the proportion of c-types may actually be greater than this , because c-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except d-types and others common only at the extreme outer edge of the main belt .
conversely , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
google says it is interested in licensing the technology to traditional vehicle manufacturers once it has refined it sufficiently .
while there , he appeared in several plays , including macbeth , the threepenny opera and henry v , in which he played the title role .
the saturnian moon rhea may have a tenuous ring system consisting of three narrow , relatively dense bands within a particulate disk .
“ new horizons is returning amazing results already .
this is going to be the interesting bit when the service actually goes live .
echoing the snp ’ s argument , he said a vote against independence was “ clearly not a vote against change ” .
an atmosphere of melancholy and changing times pervades the opening to the final series of downton abbey .
these include using motion-sensing technology from computer games , such as the kinect devices developed by microsoft for the xbox console .
initiatives might be low-tech in innovation but high-impact when it comes to creating sustainable change for entire communities .
this is to allow the air to settle after a previous take-off , as a plane ’ s wingtips generate vortices in the air , which can take two or three minutes to disperse .
“ there is the feeling that they have to hide the fact that they are rich .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .
ironically , it ’ s harder to talk about having money than it is to talk about not having money .
“ i know a lot of people who were out rioting .
prior to world war i , the near east referred to relatively nearby lands of the ottoman empire , middle east to northwestern south asia and central asia , and far east for countries along the western pacific ocean and countries along the eastern indian ocean .
edmontonia was an armoured dinosaur , a part of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period .
even at this last desperate stage in the fate of the northern white rhino , sudan is under threat from poachers who kill rhinos and hack off their horns to sell them on the asian medicine market – despite the fact that he has had his horn cut off to deter them .
closer ’ s editor has hinted she has other , more intimate pictures .
there was an audible intake of breath as a slide came up showing the base of his skull sliced off by one terrible blow , believed to be from a halberd , a fearsome medieval battle weapon with a razor-sharp iron axe blade weighing about two kilos , mounted on a wooden pole , which was swung at richard at very close range .
there may be prosecutions too , after all these years , of sheffield wednesday , south yorkshire police and sheffield city council , which failed in its duty to oversee the safety of the football ground .
tourist favourites such as mykonos fear that losing the tax breaks will make it hard for them to compete with turkey but , for agios efstratios , it poses a far greater threat .
she expanded her range , her more recent films are fight club , wallace & gromit : the curse of the were-rabbit , and tim burton 's charlie and the chocolate factory , corpse bride , big fish , and sweeney todd : the demon barber of fleet street .
“ if we do not cherish them , our natural navigation abilities will deteriorate as we rely ever more on smart devices , ” he wrote .
george walker bush -lrb- ; born july 6 , 1946 -rrb- served as the 43rd president of the united states from 2001 to 2009 .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
she could hold her breath for five minutes , while swimming .
there are fewer western expatriates than in the larger centers of abu dhabi and dubai .
sylvio ferreira , a psychology lecturer at the federal university of pernambuco , believes anitta has won the hearts of the middle class by taking a rebellious sound and making it tamer and more palatable to everyone .
kelly and a russian counterpart , mikhail kornienko , spent nearly a year on the international space station ( iss ) in order to study the effects of weightlessness , radiation and the cramped quarters of spaceflight on humans – research nasa considers essential for an eventual mission to mars .
it is lowered melancholically beneath the sinister sky , as if weighed down by fate .
( having said that , it ’ s a difficult thing to investigate in other mammals as , unlike humans , they tend not to comply when you ask them to breath-hold . )
while audio instructions to drivers remove the need to think about navigation , he says , the use of smartphone apps as digital maps is very different .
compare that to spotify , which has been criticized by artists from radiohead ’ s thom yorke to taylor swift .
he continues , explaining that the converse is also true .
and i know that sentiment was shared by people not just across our country but around the world because of what we have achieved together in the past and what we can do together in the future .
however , the institute cautioned against direct comparisons between the 2012 and 2013 samples – which both polled around 40,000 managers – as they are not identical .
what is going to happen is a growth in events where it isn ’ t just music but , like this one , with poetry or books or magic shows .
in order to study how these false memories might form in the human brain , susumu tonagawa , a neuroscientist at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) , and his team encoded memories in the brains of mice by manipulating individual neurons .
“ batteries are getting smaller , they ’ re getting lighter , they ’ re getting more reliable and they are lasting longer , ” says don dicostanza , the founder and ceo of pedego , an electric bikemaker and retailer .
in 1997 ignacio ramonet , editor of le monde diplomatique , renewed the debate around the tobin tax with an editorial titled " disarming the markets " .
the images are the first to show ice mountains outside of the moons of giant planets and raises the question of what kind of geological process could be generating the mountainous landscape .
extensions were added in 1980 at both ends of the bloor-danforth line .
“ this is the moment of our deepest sorrow , ” zuma said .
it first has to be opened inwards before manoeuvring it out of the way .
one of the first questions he asked the crew who lifted him out of a space capsule was “ how did super tuesday go ? ” but the astronaut demurred when asked for his thoughts on the likes of donald trump and bernie sanders .
people are really proud of them – they are so intricate , ” she said .
we no longer see the fish and other marine creatures in the size , diversity or abundance of the past .
“ it is outrageous that anyone can steal an artist ’ s work and get away with it .
at 35 % , south korea ’ s workaholics are even worse off .
he led the anc to victory in the country ’ s first multiracial election in 1994 .
in particular , linux distributions debian and ubuntu have provided ready-to-use openclipart packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories .
dryades , a mansion until recently owned by a pakistani politician , sold for £12m in 2007 and is believed to be worth about £30m today .
money is also taken from the tip jar to cover breakages by either staff or customers .
this is problematic as this blubber often contains manmade pollutants that are toxic to whales if released fully into their systems .
he started slowly .
brunswick is an american city in the state of georgia and the seat of glynn county .
my intention was just to make a book i would like to have .
we ’ ll be sitting down over the next few weeks to work out how to spend it in the best way but , i assure you , every penny will count for good . ”
the leaves reputedly provide energy and are said to have medicinal qualities .
she went to libraries around the us , found the physical letters of the people involved and reconstructed their conversations .
“ i was really close to stopping completely , ” he said .
“ we are certainly looking at a record opening for december and it should go on to make at least a billion dollars worldwide .
they are well-loved animals that no one wants to see disappear .
the prince said his suspicion of the media was rooted in the treatment of his family when “ i was very small ” , but that he couldn ’ t help monitoring the stories written about him .
much higher temperatures could reduce the length of the growing period in some parts of africa by up to 20 % , the report said .
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .
the florida resort lies less than ten feet above sea level ; an increasing number of tropical storms are inundating the city ; and it is built on porous limestone , which is absorbing the rising seawater .
one of these , zadok the priest , has been played at every british coronation ceremony since .
thatcher made way for john major rather than risk losing to him in a ballot .
packs are mobile across borders and hunting still goes on in neighbouring russia , lithuania , belarus , ukraine and slovakia .
as the air is pushed down , the wing gets an equal and opposite push upwards , lifting the plane .
in the csc report , a survey indicated that while 72 % of respondents aged 55 and over said they were very uncomfortable with these types of technologies being used in physical shops , only 51 % of 16-24 year olds said the same .
it was hard before , to try to convince him .
all you ’ re going to achieve , i think , is to worry people . ”
well-publicized attempts to combat the loss of food – such as recent laws in france that require supermarkets to distribute unsold food to charities – have highlighted the issue of food waste , identified by the un as one of the great challenges to achieving food security .
their sound can be described as celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences .
there is idealism around the concept of moocs bringing the best of first-world teaching to students in less developed countries .
microsoft phased out all development of its java virtual machine -lrb- jvm -rrb- from windows 2000 in sp3 .
i ’ ll sell it to you for £350 , £300 cash , ” he said .
the method , called 'virtopsy ' , is now being used at selected forensic medical institutes in europe , having been pioneered by a group of scientists at the university of zurich .
virtually every visitor was equipped with a camera and telescopic lens or a pair of binoculars .
“ results are frequently positive in individuals who do not have an allergy or a food intolerance. ” also debunked is a test , a mixture of acupuncture and homeopathy , which attempts to measure electronic resistance across the skin while the child or adult holds the suspect food in their hand .
it is not the ﬁrst child-swap case to come to light in south africa .
it ’ s hard to say how much i earned a shift ; maybe around £40 , £20 from card tips .
families just don ’ t want to buy tickets to see orcas going insane inside tiny tanks and seaworld ’ s profits , like the orcas , won ’ t recover until the abusement park empties its tanks and builds coastal sanctuaries. ” seaworld ’ s shares , which were worth $ 39 in 2013 , were changing hands for just under $ 18 in august 2015 .
at a pool in bristol , she taught me some simple exercises to help me hold my breath for longer while swimming underwater .
“ the bar was one of the deciding factors in me buying the house so i won ’ t ever complain about the noise , ” says wood , who also manages a live-music bar which , following a series of noise issues in 2013 ( including complaints about the loud smokers outside ) , became one of new orleans ’ s first ever bars legally disallowed from serving drinks to go .
upper body sleeveless shirt tank top , wife beater , singlet a sleeveless garment similar to a t-shirt .
santiago , is the capital and largest city of chile , and the center of its largest conurbation -lrb- greater santiago -rrb- .
species that cause diarrhoea and nausea , both benign and bad e.coli ( mostly benign ) , and the bacteria that can cause skin infections and urinary-tract infections were common all over the city .
luciano spinosi -lrb- born may 9 , 1950 , rome -rrb- is an italian former football player .
he once explained that his guitar technique was partly based on his lack of skill : “ i started to bend notes because i could never play in the bottleneck style , like elmore james and booker white .
suddenly , rather than complaint conversations taking place over the phone with a customer service representative or on a small specialist internet forum , angry customers can post their complaints for hundreds of their friends to see or even on the page where all loyal fans of the brand have been carefully cultivated .
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .
sometimes , people needed a big night to be able to pay their rent .
now carefree tourists line up in the same streets for barbecued mutton tikka and steaming plates of rogan josh .
in march 2001 , the world wrestling federation purchased world championship wrestling .
so the health department will handle bar warnings and fines .
within a decade of its inception , a & m became the world 's largest independent record company .
early life picasso was baptized pablo diego josé francisco de paula juan nepomuceno maría de los remedios crispiniano de la santísima trinidad , a series of names honouring various saints and relatives .
in ancient times the sea was the birthplace of two ancient civilizations the minoans of crete and the mycenean civilization of the peloponnese .
it is difficult for the false memory bearer to distinguish between them .
the program facilitates extensive , in-depth surveillance on live communications and stored information .
miami ’ s difficulties are threefold .
“ it ’ s the light that controls it .
“ music festivals have probably run their course .
the methane and nitrogen are just a coating. ” the mountains on pluto are likely to have formed no more than 100m years ago – extremely recently given the 4.56bn-year-old solar system .
more than two-thirds of older people live in poor countries ; by 2050 , this proportion is expected to be about four-fifths .
accell owns the raleigh brand , as well as haibike , an award-winning german electric bike .
two mothers in south africa have discovered they are raising each other ’ s daughters after they were mistakenly switched at birth in a hospital in 2010 .
a companion had died at sea several months earlier , he said .
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .
interethnic tensions resulted in a horrible massacre , in which most armenians in the town of shusha perished .
it consists of the red cross of saint george -lrb- patron saint of england -rrb- , edged in white , superimposed on the cross of st patrick -lrb- patron saint of ireland -rrb- , which are superimposed on the saltire of saint andrew -lrb- patron saint of scotland -rrb- .
in captivity , great apes often live to 50 or more .
obama said that , although there were people with “ crazy ideology ” , pluralism was important .
nature has taken over to the extent that owls have moved in .
the small space is set up to look like a classroom .
the campaign has a facebook page and is supported by groups including greenpeace , the world wide fund for nature and the spanish branch of conservation network birdlife .
even nigeria , with its oil wealth , spends only $ 650 per capita , ” shepherd said .
when she had that little moment with me , that was the end of the terror .
the next day ( 2013 ) was his first album of new material in a decade .
“ i don ’ t even know how much it costs ; i don ’ t know even know if i ’ m going to buy it .
so while it is used by most people to get fit – or by fit people to get even fitter – it also burns fat .
it ’ s all about the execution and , if you are afraid that your idea will be stolen by someone who could execute it better and faster than you , then you are not the right person to execute that idea .
“ the crucially important thing about this research is that it shatters the myth that how we farm does not affect the quality of the food we eat , ” said helen browning , chief executive of the soil association , which campaigns for organic farming .
on one day in august , one in seven people on earth , 1 billion people , used facebook , according to founder mark zuckerberg .
feinstein defended the nsa bulk collection programme , but said there was a need to rebuild public trust .
the odds are you ’ ve just spotted a mystery shopper .
“ it ’ s probably the biggest mess for science communication , where myths , misinterpreted studies and quackery collide with under- and over-diagnosis , ” said tracey brown , director of sense about science .
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
command module pilot stuart roosa took several hundred seeds on the mission , many of which were germinated on return resulting in the so called moon trees .
empoli is on the main railway line from florence to pisa , and is the point of divergence of a line to siena .
once the plane has taken off , a significant pressure difference soon builds up between the inside of the plane and the outside .
he warned that it was too early to use oxytocin as a treatment for the social difficulties caused by autism and cautioned against buying oxytocin from suppliers online .
the ethiopian government wants to double teff production by 2015 .
and , if you ’ re staying home , you can upgrade your bedroom with everything from a mattress cover with a sensor that tracks your sleep ( $ 249 ) to a brainwave-monitoring sleeping mask that lets you nap more efficiently ( $ 299 ) .
however , it ’ s not that simple .
in 2009 , in oregon in the united states , dee ann angell and kay rene reed discovered that they had been mistakenly mixed up at birth in 1953 when a nurse brought them back from bathing .
“ we ’ re going to see these systems packaged together and make it as easy as possible to connect them up with each other so people can transfer seamlessly between them , ” she said .
they will float to the top platform level and then descend to harass and attack zub .
the yellow disc represents the island 's history in phosphate mining .
according to the iucn , as of 2013 , the amount of the world ’ s oceans in marine protected areas was not even three per cent and less than one per cent of that is ’ no take ’ .
unopened wooden crates marked “ bullet- proof glass ” reveal the security fears of the previous owners .
max and moritz as well as many of his other picture stories are regarded as one of the main precursors of the modern comic strip .
“ we are not animals . ”
he then told me that a message in a bottle had been found and that the name that was on the card was that of my grandfather. ” her visitor was a genealogical researcher who had managed to track her down in berlin after the letter was given to the international maritime museum in the northern port city of hamburg .
“ nobody suspected anything , ” strydom said .
oil companies are standing on the doorstep of one of the world ’ s most precious and fragile places , but we will not rest until virunga is safe from this potential environmental disaster , ” said lasse gustavsson , executive director of wwf international .
it is extremely worrying. ” having spent so much restoring doñana to its past glories , it might seem strange that the local government should choose to announce that it wants mining companies to tender bids to rework los frailes .
the japanese clouded salamander -lrb- hynobius nebulosus -rrb- is a species of salamander in the hynobiidae family .
the riot continued into the early morning , until police used fire brigade water hoses to disperse the crowd .
lyndon b. johnson 's speech outlining his great society program also occurred at um .
“ we could not be happier , ” the duke of cambridge said .
several european countries favoured high- value banknotes .
she later attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts -lrb- the high school featured in the movie fame -rrb- before she entered the theater program at juilliard .
the announcement of the action comes on the day a starbucks executive faces questions from the house of commons public accounts committee over why the company paid no corporation tax in the uk during the past three years , despite senior us management trumpeting the company ’ s profitable operations in britain .
“ the cold darkness of the universe can be used as a renewable thermodynamic resource , even during the hottest hours of the day , ” the scientists write in nature .
path , the mobile phone-based social network founded by former facebook employee dave morin , which restricts its users to 150 friends , is gaining 1m users a week .
now , it is socially acceptable ; it ’ s a category of its own .
on black fell , looking down on northumberland ’ s beautiful kielder water reservoir , a group of people wait in a car park next to a strange wooden building with a minimalist design beamed down from the future .
3 around the rainbow there ’ s no better place to see a rainbow than from a plane .
“ definitely .
“ finding your first home is a challenge in an area like this , ” cantwell says .
in private , hindenburg often complained that he missed the quiet of his retirement and bemoaned that he had allowed himself to be pressured into running for president .
in the book the very first light , mather with co-author john boslough chronicled his team 's work for the general public .
they then matched the transcripts of the stories with the brain activity data to show how groups of related words triggered neural responses in 50,000 to 80,000 pea-sized spots all over the cerebral cortex .
much of the pioneering work was done at bell laboratories and commercialized by western electric .
the media have helped .
speaking at the same meeting , derrick taff , a social scientist at pennsylvania state university , described preliminary experiments which suggest that listening to recordings from national parks , of waterfalls , birdsong and wind , helped people recover from stressful events .
the dereliction can be agonizing for people struggling to keep a roof above their heads in one of the world ’ s most expensive cities .
“ this guy had to be darker than any modern european , but we don ’ t know how dark , ” the scientist said .
“ there ’ s a focus on a tighter connection between the role of transportation and the economic health of cities and its impact on people. ” as the average us commute lengthens and the country ’ s infrastructure ages badly , cities across the us are being forced to redefine what transportation is .
“ for the first time , we have compared data from all over the world on the magnitude of partner violence and sexual violence by non-partners and the impact of these sorts of violence on health , ” said garcia-moreno .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
another protest march , near rio ’ s maracana stadium , was met with a similarly heavy police response .
later that year he left for the hamburg opera to work as a chorus director .
japan ’ s low birth rate and predictions of rapid population decline are partly blamed on the lack of time couples have to start families .
it is the ﬁrst time researchers have obtained the complete genome of a modern european who lived before the neolithic revolution .
history the state was created in 1951 out of the historical states of baden , hohenzollern and württemberg , part of the region of swabia .
charity the third of the five pillars of islam states that muslims are required to give approximately one-fortieth of their wealth to charity as zakat .
bacteria appeared to reflect the eating habits of various neighbourhoods .
“ it is expensive but the benefit is tremendous .
note that two storms on record , hurricane alice from the 1954 season and tropical storm zeta from the 2005 season have formed during december and lasted into january .
we need new models for how artists , writers and musicians earn a living from their work. ” the debate is a lively one and the scale of illegal downloading vast .
elsewhere , the planet ’ s melting ice is making cities vulnerable by the less dramatic route of raising sea levels .
john binns , who advises businesses on mental health and well-being , was admitted to hospital for stress-related depression in 2007 and took two months off work .
“ the boys in the team can be difficult to manage .
these questions have risen to the fore in an arcane , but hugely important , debate about how to redraw the boundaries of the internet .
we ruined it for ourselves .
but there are a lot of problems here , especially drugs .
years later , i was sometimes in a situation where i could tell there was something else going on in the woman i was interviewing , but didn ’ t have any sense that domestic violence was the issue .
so , now , it is time for our united kingdom to come together and to move forward .
the shutdown is estimated to have cost the us $ 24bn , according to the ratings agency standard & poor ’ s .
hot-water boilers and cooking facilities release heat into their immediate surroundings .
this was “ an exceptional decision ” , the panel said , for which it found “ no rationale ” .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
“ everest is the icon everyone knows , ” he says .
even if the disks and cassettes are in good condition , the equipment needed to run them is now mostly found only in museums .
“ if pop stars have curly hair , they are going to feel coerced into straightening it .
the first driver to win multiple championships was alberto ascari , in 1952 and 1953 .
2005 according to chapters , jesus of nazareth gave this sermon -lrb- estimated around ad 30 -rrb- on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd .
that same year , he starred opposite matt damon , ben affleck , and chris o ' donnell in school ties .
the cardews could get round harriet ’ s problem by giving her an icelandic middle name .
the fourth and fifth digits designate the number of the urban area -lrb- in a district-free city -rrb- or the district -lrb- in a city with districts -rrb- .
they would not return to earth .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
“ it ’ s not really a family spot .
currently the beach has little more than an access road lined with camper vans from germany , france , italy and britain , filled with windsurfers and kitesurfers lured by the area ’ s strong winds .
in 1989 , when the communists relinquished power , poland had only one motorway .
paul misener , amazon ’ s vice-president of global public policy , told a congressional hearing recently that his company would be ready as soon as all the rules were in place – but misener gave no hints as to what that would look like beyond joking with a congressman that there was a basket of fresh fruit on the way to his doorstep to demonstrate the technology ’ s viability .
“ neither am i here to speak in terms of personal revenge against the taliban or any other terrorist group. ” malala responded to the violence of the taliban with her own countervailing force : words against bullets .
so , you know it was warm. ” john isner , who retired from his first-round match with a right ankle injury , said : “ it was like an oven when i open the oven and the potatoes are done .
these layers improve the reflectivity but , also , turn the mirror into a thermal radiator .
it is a strategy of problem-solving relying on " appeals " rather than coercion .
gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views , citing the need for professional neutrality .
“ we call this ‘ incepting ’ or implanting false memories in a mouse brain , ” tonagawa told science .
it is singled out by van otterdijk as “ one of the great successes ” in combating food waste .
so far , there is no established treatment for the social problems caused by autism .
castlevania iii : dracula 's curse is the third game in the series ' canon , featuring simon belmont 's ancestor , trevor belmont .
manchester university ’ s olga onuch found facebook had been the key medium for reaching half of all the euromaidan protesters in ukraine .
russia specifically blocked transfer of u.n. facility to the eu mission .
despite being greeted with less-than-stellar reviews , the prequels took $ 2.5bn at the worldwide box office , shortly after the release of restored and augmented “ special editions ” of the first trilogy had netted $ 469m in 1997 .
moenjodaro is situated 7 km away in east-south of the dokri town .
the highest- placed british brands are hsbc ( 33rd ) , shell ( 65th ) and burberry ( 73rd ) .
our tender makes that clear. ” the proposal has some support in the area , but it also has a lot of opposition .
warrington is a large town , borough and unitary authority area of cheshire , england .
he most recently worked with slipknot on their new fourth studio album titled all hope is gone .
the album ’ s themes included immortality , insanity , murder and mysticism , evidence that bowie was a songwriter who was thinking way beyond pop ’ s usual boundaries .
alexandre bayen of the university of california expects automation will progress in stages : first , there might be automated buses with their own lanes , then perhaps lorries in ports or mining towns : essentially , vehicles that are connected electronically and travel in single file .
“ most people working during the week couldn ’ t get to the bank .
“ not one of these is a small endeavour , ” the site notes , requiring “ substantial technical capacity , weight and cost ” .
casting included waheed murad , shamim ara , deeba , ibrahim nafees and talish .
the scientists who found them must now come up with formal names to replace the clunky latin- based placeholders – ununtrium , ununpentium , ununseptium and ununoctium – which reflect their atomic numbers , 113 , 115 , 117 , and 118 .
mørk holds a professorship at the norwegian academy of music , oslo .
“ imagine it like a walking millipede of a city , ” says lindstedt , unrolling a plan that shows the town ’ s streets and squares beginning to crawl eastwards along a new high street , until the whole place has moved safely out of the way of the mine by 2033 .
it could be the best thing since trevor baylis ’ s wind-up radio in the pre-internet 1990s – a cheap light that draws free power from gravity and could end the use of dangerous kerosene-fuelled lamps in africa and india .
the more enthralling the stories , the more confident the scientists could be that the people being scanned were focusing on the words and not drifting off .
piper later landed a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine smash hits .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
sam swam three widths with ease .
selling out is often seen as gaining success at the cost of credibility .
it takes to 27 the number of defendants charged by the us with a further 24 unnamed 'co-conspirators ' including former fifa executive committee members .
“ the social networking wasn ’ t the reason , ” he says .
“ a more open and connected world is a better world .
attahaddy benghazi is an libyan football club based in benghazi .
“ before we started this work , i had some ideas of what we were going to ﬁnd , ” said carles lalueza-fox , who led the study at the institute of evolutionary biology in barcelona .
elizabeth goitein of the brennan center for justice said : “ the intelligence committee bill and the usa freedom act present two opposing visions of the relationship between law-abiding americans and the national security state .
to sit in a chair and do nothing but think .
“ i thought , 'so what ?
he is a member of the austrian writers ' associations grazer autorenversammlung -lrb- gav -rrb- gav members ' list , entry about klaus ebner , retrieved on 2009-02-12 .
the first run of experiments began with students being ushered – alone , without phones , books or anything to write with – into an unadorned room and told to think .
“ adult eels can be a metre long , or even larger , and weigh up to 2kg .
“ the reaper drone has one failure in 10,000 hours , ” singh said .
fiorito originally produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .
instead of blowing out candles on a cake , malala sat in one of the main council chambers at the united nations in the central seat usually reserved for world leaders .
once they are in primary school , the children can do homework at the centres , with help from their peers .
“ you ’ re supposed to break your fast when it ’ s dusk and we eat when the sun is out .
and , then , there is the isolation – being in the 1 % , it turns out , can be lonely. ” it seems f scott fitzgerald was right : the very rich “ are different from you and me ” .
the figure – derived from a poll of more than 1,000 employers conducted by the chartered institute of personnel and development ( cipd ) – prompted renewed calls for the government to launch a full inquiry into the use of the contracts , after a week in which a string of organizations – from retail chains to buckingham palace – have faced criticism for hiring staff but offering no guarantee of work and pay each week .
“ i try to engage a young person who has been earning £300 a week through illegal methods .
other countries have limited their own high- denomination notes due to links to organized crime – canada scrapped its $ 1,000 note in 2000 on the advice of law enforcement officers .
high latitude countries , such as in europe or north america , are expected to receive more rainfall , but many subtropical arid and semi-arid regions will likely experience less precipitation .
i am not convinced. ” he said leifert ’ s work had caused controversy in the past .
the most dominant males can collect as many as 15-20 females to mate with .
“ one thing i really liked about facebook was that i could sit for hours and click on a friend and then click on one of their friends and one of their friends and one of their friends and literally end up on someone ’ s facebook page from the other side of the world , ” she said .
digital formats now account for 39 % of all music sales , or nearly £5.9bn out of £15bn , and , while sales of cds and vinyl declined steeply in 2013 , they still contribute just over half the industry ’ s income .
i was at the pier but couldn ’ t get out because of my injuries .
history the district was created in 1817 as bilsteiner kreis , in 1819 the capital was set to be olpe .
between 2007 and 2012 , the amount of avoidable food waste produced by uk households decreased by 21 % , from 5.3m tonnes to 4.2m tonnes , largely due to greater awareness .
it is a question many practising catholics will be asking of their priests in the weeks ahead .
in 2007 , the gates foundation teamed up with boston college ’ s center on wealth and philanthropy to document what it felt like to be in america ’ s 1 % .
most of the population were engaged in farming , dairy farming , or tanning .
one man was found to own a rifle , while another had recently been diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat .
furthermore it is the episcopal see of the diocese of växjö .
this sexual imbalance , combined with the effective enslavement of the tahitian men by the mutineers , led to insurrection and the deaths of most of the men .
so , the first two-thirds were polished and the final third i didn ’ t have time .
facebook is the most authoritative source on its own user numbers , and the firm will update investors on its performance for the quarter .
hospitals have also brought in improved systems for coordinating transplants , including the crucial discussions with relatives when there is no indication of the wishes of the deceased .
when sir geoffrey howe , nominally her deputy , finally fell out with thatcher – chiefly over europe – his devastating resignation speech triggered a leadership challenge .
since the 2008 financial crisis , the income gap has expanded and the situation “ has gotten worse for the wealthy ” , cockrell said .
a lot of users have died. ” for charalampos poulopoulos , the head of kethea , greece ’ s pre-eminent anti-drug centre , shisha symbolizes the depredations of a crisis that has led to record levels of destitution and unemployment .
they paid a reward for killing a wolf worth a month ’ s salary .
the prince , known as captain wales in the army , explained his 'three mes ' .
in 2012 , he performed at a concert at the white house , where the us president , barack obama , joined him to sing sweet home chicago .
the senate intelligence committee has approved a bill that would provide for increased transparency of the national security agency ’ s bulk collection of us phone records but allow the controversial practice to continue .
the scientists used a technique called functional mri to scan the brains of 17 youths aged eight to 16 with autism while they looked at images of cars or the eyes of people expressing various emotions .
he was arrested and eventually charged with sabotage and attempting to overthrow the government .
instead , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
“ virunga has snow fields and lava fields , but it should not have oil fields. ” the unesco world heritage committee called for the cancellation of all virunga oil permits and appealed to concession holders total sa and soco international plc not to undertake exploration in world heritage sites .
but this proportion levelled out throughout 2014 before dropping to 19 % during the final quarter of 2014 .
but , for bennett , instagram is now a major social network .
first fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from great britain on 13 may 1787 with about 1,487 people to establish the first european colony in new south wales .
in the presidential race , romney won only one of the swing states , north carolina , while obama held new hampshire , virginia , ohio , wisconsin , nevada , iowa and colorado .
the average territory required by a polish pack is 250 sq km , ” said mysłajek .
sullivan , who works in finance , has been quietly testing the program and has signed up about 350 boyfriends generating about $ 17,000 revenue every month .
her due release date , with remissions , is currently 12 april 2024 .
this era coincided with the medieval warm period -lrb- 800 1300 -rrb- and stopped with the start of the little ice age -lrb- about 1250 1850 -rrb- .
they do not need the ipcc to tell them that the weather is changing , ” said saleemul huq , director of the international centre for climate change and development , based in dhaka .
“ instagram is facebook without parents , ” he says .
' ” she mimes taping her mouth shut .
i am making money and i can give some of it to my family , ” says the 27-year-old .
monica samille lewinsky -lrb- born july 23 , 1973 -rrb- is an american woman with whom then-united states president bill clinton admitted to having had an " improper relationship " while lewinsky worked at the white house in 1995 and 1996 .
osbourne later became a judge on the talent shows the x factor and america 's got talent .
in february , a prominent supporter of the project , gerard ’ t hooft , a dutch nobel laureate in physics , said he did not believe this timetable was realistic .
despite their similarity to members of the genus mus , scientists suspect that the african spiny mice may be more closely related to gerbils than to common mice .
urmson said : “ the vehicles will be very basic .
the journalist was shocked to find out at the start of the experiment that only 4.5 % of the contents of his flat were made nationally – and that the rest would have to go , including the lightbulbs ( china ) and green beans ( kenya ) .
it is very easy to criticize a decision but we do everything to try to get these decisions right .
but , they could have some way to go to match conyon at the national taxi association .
retrieved 2008-12-25 album information the title of the album , " a little bit longer " , comes from their song of the same name , which nick jonas wrote about his dealings with having type 1 diabetes .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .
“ we may be losing this as people are listening to ipods all the time but i do believe that the public is appreciative of these sounds .
after the meeting , obama joined cameron to play golf at the grove in chandlers cross , hertfordshire .
he admits the experiment was part serious and part jest .
they do nothing for us , ” said oscar josé santos , a 19 year old who was with a group of hooded youths from the rocinha favela .
leifert and his colleagues conclude that many antioxidants “ have previously been linked to a reduced risk of chronic diseases , including cardiovascular diseases , neurodegenerative diseases and certain cancers ” .
description anchovies are small green fish with blue reflections due to a silver longitudinal stripe that runs from the base of the caudal fin .
soco international is the only company seeking to explore inside the boundaries of the virunga park .
that ’ s because much of your skin ’ s natural moisture has been washed down the drain .
and the way they positioned themselves against microsoft and ibm , it was like the story of david and goliath .
no , ” he said .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
her father works in a rickshaw garage and her mother is a domestic worker , but they were keen for their daughter to go to school .
but , on the side , he was making money illegally as part of the gang .
the first is social assistance – a safety net – to bring the poorest people closer to a decent standard of living .
the service is assisted by around 4,500 lay supervisors – members of the public who volunteer to befriend and support offenders under supervision .
contrast this with brooks , who has a coach at the end of the phone .
“ there are definitely a lot more brands doing christmas ads this year but i think a lot of those brands who tried to compete with john lewis by doing something emotional and creative have gone back to what you can buy in store , ” she said .
the fundamental question is : should the government have some reason to suspect wrongdoing before sweeping up americans ’ most personal information to feed into its databases ?
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
it also leads to fantastic technological advances in building the kit to make these observations. ” along with new names , the scientists must propose two-letter symbols for the elements .
in 1961 , david ’ s mother bought him a plastic saxophone , introducing him to an instrument which would become a recurring ingredient in his music .
“ but more can , and should , be done to increase transparency and build public support for privacy protections in place. ” in her statement , feinstein said the bill would also make a number of improvements to transparency and oversight on the nsa , including : requiring an annual public report of the total number of queries of nsa ’ s telephone metadata database and the number of times the programme leads to an fbi investigation or probable cause order ; requiring that the foreign intelligence surveillance court impose limits on the number of people at nsa who may authorize or query the call-records database ; establishing criminal penalties of up to ten years in prison for intentional unauthorized access to data acquired under the foreign intelligence surveillance act ( fisa ) by the united states ; mandating the fisa court impose a limit on the number of contacts an analyst can receive in response to a query of bulk communication records .
the company has so far refunded more than 10,000 consumers to the tune of 20m yen ; the eventual bill is expected to reach 110m yen .
the animals came from zoos , sanctuaries and research centres in the us , australia , japan , canada and singapore .
instead , there ’ s an atmosphere of misery , where people knowing they won ’ t find work are becoming a lot more self-destructive .
adding to the carnival mood on the streets , where the majority of fans are from neighbouring nations , latin-american teams won in every game they played up until the time of writing .
the administrators of the northern territory and norfolk island are , by contrast , appointed by the governor-general .
one local newspaper ran the headline , “ japan ’ s proud food culture in tears , ” while the mass circulation yomiuri shimbun said it was “ astonished by the industry ’ s lack of morals. ” the newspaper voiced concerns that the scandal could “ harm the credibility of brand japan , products and services , which are praised by foreign countries and tourists for their safety and security. ” industry experts said the global financial crisis in 2008 had forced luxury hotels to cut costs while attempting to woo diners with detailed menu descriptions .
describing the average sleep loss per night for different age groups , he says : “ between 14 and 24 , it ’ s more than two hours .
“ what is most important is what you eat , not whether it ’ s organic or conventional .
the wing is shaped to push air downwards .
they move away , as a precaution , to avoid being trapped by a predator .
puerto rico consists of the main island of puerto rico and various smaller islands , including vieques , culebra , mona , desecheo , and caja de muertos .
there are also support services on websites such as mind ’ s that can remind you you ’ re not alone .
tributes the gould league , founded in australia in 1909 , was named after him .
analysts are scratching their heads about how the company can square the circle of simpler menus and greater choice over fillings .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
at the most senior level , male directors ’ earnings rose by 5.3 % over the past 12 months , compared with just 1.1 % for female directors .
“ it was difficult not being able to invite people around because there was nowhere to sit ... but i ’ d choose the bowie over a sofa any day . ”
“ we have touched sections of the community who have never before been touched by politics , ” he said .
they have drawn fans from zooey deschanel , who shared a link about the book with her facebook followers , to the south korean pop star kim ki-bum , who posted an image on instagram for his 1.6 million followers .
the two-and-a-half-hour journey upwards , during which the curvature of the earth became visible and the skies gradually turned black , was matched with a rather more rapid descent .
you have to keep a lot of your life private. ” as a result , cockrell points out , the rich tend to hang out with other rich americans , not out of snobbery but in order to be around those who understand them and their problems .
almahala tripoli is a libyan football club based in tripoli , libya .
it has charted the world ’ s highest peaks , the ocean floor , the amazon rainforest and even provided a glimpse into north korea .
india has successfully protected the indian rhinoceros after it was almost wiped out by british hunters in colonial times but here , too , poaching is a menace .
this was also the conclusion of earlier , smaller studies published in 2009 in a scientific journal and by the uk food standards agency , though the latter considered just 11 studies .
when air is no longer being taken in , the vent shuts off and , as the user dives , air is fed back via the mouthpiece .
sports brand nike , ranked 22 with a brand valued at nearly $ 20bn , is rated way ahead of rival adidas , at 59 in the top 100 with a value of $ 7bn .
zoutleeuw is a municipality and town in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
the increase will mean more pressure on agricultural land , water , forests , fisheries and biodiversity resources , as well as nutrients and energy supplies .
dögg , dimmblá , etna and eybjört are fine ; likewise frigg , glódís , hörn and ingunn .
“ it ’ s not a meteorite falling – it ’ s a test of new american weapons , ” zhirinovsky said .
it was a reality within weeks , opening on 11 july .
there ’ s no sun at that time ; it ’ s dark all day and night .
“ ships have been thought of as low- frequency sources of noise , like the rumbling of lorries or trains , ” he said .
a few months before he died , carl sagan recorded a message of hope to would-be mars explorers , telling them : “ whatever the reason you ’ re on mars is , i ’ m glad you ’ re there .
“ children are just passing their time without education and waiting to become involved in hazardous work .
as colourful fish were swimming past him off the greek coast , cathal redmond was convinced he had taken some great photos with his first underwater camera .
but new technology is leading retailers to grow a different set of eyes – less focused on shoplifting and more interested in your age , sex , size , head , shoulders , knees and toes .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the flow is both ways ; eichtinger said london has become the number one city destination for austrian visitors .
the metadata from two others suggested one had multiple sclerosis and the other had just become pregnant .
he skated his last with the show in 2007 .
i let out a tiny breath and this helps .
the project is a key plank in morocco ’ s ambitions to use its untapped deserts to become a global solar superpower .
we as a society want to defend them. ” according to boer , the villages are not for “ the regular nuisance between two neighbours where one has the stereo too loud on saturday night ” but “ people who are extremely violent and intimidating , and in a clear situation where a victim is being repeatedly harassed ” .
the three-hour auction continued with other early lots selling in excess of their asking prices .
fish farming experts say the practice has huge potential in africa .
as of 2007 , a maximum of four players can be inducted in one year but the greatest number of players ever inducted in a year was 27 , in 1962 .
the meteorite over chelyabinsk arrived less than a day before asteroid 2012 da14 was expected to make the closest pass to earth ( about 17,510 miles ) of any recorded cosmic body .
dmitry rogozin , russia ’ s deputy prime minister and former ambassador to nato , took to twitter to call for an international push to create a warning system for all “ objects of an alien origin ” .
after the abolition of slavery in 1835 , many indian and chinese workers were brought to work the land , and cultivate sugar cane , at that time used to produce rum .
it ’ s a real victory for the people. ” claire kober , leader of haringey council , wrote to arts council england and the mayor of miami , tomás regalado , to ask them to intervene to stop the sale but it appears the decision to withdraw the item came from the gallery owners in consultation with their lawyers .
everything , even milk or bread , has changed hands three or four times before it gets to us and each middleman has to take a profit , ” said provatas costas , a 58-year-old fisherman .
they suggested the number of people at risk of hunger might climb by 10 % to 20 % by 2050 , with daily per-capita calorie availability falling across the world .
as she continued to promote " just say no " , she appeared in an episode of the popular 1980s sitcom diff ' rent strokes and in a 1985 rock music video , " stop the madness " .
“ we believe zero-hours contracts are essential in our organization , as we are very weather- dependent , ” a spokeswoman said .
the program is continuing to expand , with other providers due to come online .
“ the ipcc makes the case that climate change is real and happening much more strongly than before .
a historian has stated that " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
yet , while many people are aware of the nissan leaf , chevy volt and tesla , few have heard of e-bike companies currie , pedego or electrobike .
increasingly , urban planners , transportation experts and scientists are realizing that old auto-centric models focused on easing traffic congestion aren ’ t enough to tackle issues like population growth and carbon emissions , and transportation is now , more than ever , an integral component of a city ’ s larger sustainability efforts .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
“ i think it is really relaxing to do something analogue , to unplug , ” said basford .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
the premiere received a 2.79 rating , making it the highest rated show on cable in its time slot .
organic food has more of the antioxidant compounds linked to better health than regular food , and lower levels of toxic metals and pesticides , according to the most comprehensive scientific analysis to date .
“ that means we can continue using local fish to bring in new broodstock .
all around the subway , bacteria associated with cheeses – brie , cheddar , parmesan and the mozzarella of ubiquitous new york pizza – turned up .
hands-on experience is essential .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
some arrive at hospital with broken bones , while others suffer pregnancy-related complications and mental illness .
the moon scenes were shot at the warner bros studios , where the harry potter films were made , and the specially built set was created by one of the team behind the latest star wars film , the force awakens .
we hope our future findings along this line will further alert legislatures and legal experts to how unreliable memory can be. ” chris french , head of the anomalistic psychology research unit at goldsmiths , university of london , is a leading researcher in false memories in people .
“ i refereed in professional football but , looking back , i was an amateur , ” he says .
mohallas nuryali chakargally tipper ban seergah sydan salandi choki seergah dana choaha planni bagla sorrah schools public school - government funded government primary , middle and high school for girls government primary , middle , high and higher secondary schools for boys .
variant spellings in english include felafel and filafil .
put that damn camera down ! ” the debate around the presence of phones at live events is not restricted to music , with sport fans equally vocal on the subject .
honduras -lrb- , -rrb- is a republic in central america .
when larry pizzi , a veteran bicycle industry executive , first heard about electric bikes nearly 20 years ago , he asked : “ why would anyone want to screw up a bike by putting a motor and batteries on it ? ” it ’ s a question that still puzzles traditionalists .
string theory is a developing branch of theoretical physics that combines quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum theory of gravity .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
not nearly enough exercise classes have a tea break halfway through .
sleep , she says , is the ultimate performance enhancer and getting eight hours of rest has become the ultimate status symbol .
the event , dubbed malala day , was the culmination of an extraordinary four years for the girl from mingora , in the troubled swat valley of pakistan .
in contrast , only 50 % of generation x , 30 % of baby boomers and 6 % of those aged 65 and older use social media .
occasionally , she starred in " maestro minnie " maestro minnie .
“ this is about changing our approach to management to allow for greater flexibility , less masculine cultures , more emphasis on outcomes rather than time in the office and greater transparency around performance and rewards .
“ this is an important new study in identifying changes in brain activity in key regions of the brain involved in social cognition in autism following oxytocin administration , ” said simon baron-cohen , director of the autism research centre at cambridge university .
the album , however , was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the impacts appear to have spalled large volumes off the asteroid , as suggested by the angular edges of the craters .
this is the first time the public have been given a say over whose face appears on a british banknote .
the findings will add to the controversy over organic food and whether it is better for people , with one expert saying that the findings were exaggerated .
scientists believe the mountains are made from water ice with just a thin veneer of “ exotic ” ices , methane and nitrogen .
the project is more than a novelty or cultural philanthropy .
according to the study , those born in the 1990s are making 4 % fewer car trips and travelling 18 % fewer miles per year , on average , than members of previous generations did at the same stage in their lives .
test distances would have been shortened from 1,300m to below 700m , minimum temperatures would have been raised from -7c to -3c and more rural roads would have been used .
a high proportion give substantial amounts to charity , though the report notes that the “ growth of philanthropic spends in india has not been proportional to overall growth in ultra-high-net-worth individual wealth ” .
a feast for crows is the fourth of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire , an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin .
he had his first uk number 1 album with aladdin sane ( 1973 ) , which generated the hit singles the jean genie and drive-in saturday .
boxing , amateur wrestling , puroresu , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports .
shatner also played the title veteran police sergeant in t.j. hooker from 1982 to 1986 .
“ what will they be , who will pay them ?
iero uses the project as a way to vent about the way he sees the worldartist info - leathermouth epitaph.com.
if you watch an aircraft door being opened , it swings in an unusual way .
when passing over clouds , the plane ’ s shadow appears neatly in the centre of the effect .
margaret aspinall , whose son james , then 18 , died at what should have been a joyful day out , an fa cup semi-final between liverpool and nottingham forest , said the families had been forced to fight , for 23 years , for just that : the truth .
some ships are quieter than others but the average intensity of noise next to all the ships was 173 underwater decibels , equivalent to 111 decibels through the air – about the sound of a loud rock concert .
“ small businesses are mostly managed by women but when it comes to big business where you have to compete for big tenders , very few women are there .
references external links official site ibanez guitars and bass museum - ibanez instruments database , resources , user reviews , pictures history of hoshino gakki co . , ltd .
2002 : shuttle bus service is replaced by the suspended monorail called the skytrain connects the terminal building with the intercity train station .
( and continue to gasp for a few more breaths , prompting my husband to ask what on earth i ’ m doing . )
“ i am 67 so that means i ’ m back to being ten years old and i get up just after six .
in 2002 , only just over 27,000 tourists dared to visit the kashmir valley , frightened off by the anti-indian insurgency , which has claimed up to 70,000 lives .
“ starbucks is a really great target because it is on every high street across the country and that ’ s what uk uncut finds really important : people can take action in their local areas , ” she said .
it aims to double exports to america in 2014 and will soon start producing teff-based pizzas , bread and cookies .
the island has no indigenous population , but is assigned the iso 3166-1 alpha-2 country code sj -lrb- together with svalbard -rrb- , the internet country code top-level domain -lrb- cctld -rrb- .
the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .
the queen , who has monitored the referendum with interest , will make a written statement .
it is a concentration of science and technology related businesses , and has strong links with the nearby university of cambridge .
in 1919 , all of the major pro-independence factions formed the provisional government in shanghai .
sudan doesn ’ t know how precious he is .
knudstrop took over as chief executive , ending 70 years of family rule , and ditched hundreds of surplus products to refocus the business on its trademark bricks .
the mirror is built from several layers of wafer-thin materials .
its meditative practices , as well as its physical exercises , have long been associated with local religious traditions including buddhism and jainism , as well as the hinduism practised by 80 % of indians .
she has toned down the suggestive dancing , gangsta references and explicit lyrics of baile funk .
part of the dilemma around which future direction moocs will take , however , is that nobody can yet define whom exactly they are meant to benefit .
“ it would be amazing for the environment to have them back because of the problem of too many deer .
mitchell is the second contributor to the scottish artist katie paterson ’ s future library project , for which 1,000 trees were planted in 2014 in oslo ’ s nordmarka forest .
has our president pulled off a media coup ? ” but soulier was hopeful : “ hopefully , with the new manager , the club can find the motivation they ’ re lacking at the moment , ” she said .
these noise disturbances could be hindering the ability of killer whales to communicate and echolocate – the process of using sound to bounce off objects such as prey and identify where they are .
but , she says more needs to be known about the motivation of the shockers in wilson ’ s study .
“ the under-30s have suffered a fall in average incomes of about 20 % since the 2008 downturn .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
if we want to preserve them , we need to make sure that the digital objects we create today can still be rendered far into the future , ” he added .
“ this was always going to be a topic of negotiation .
cars are among the most popular items bought , the report says .
the subunguis is the softer , flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the direction of growth .
marxists internet archive -lrb- also known as mia or marxists.org -rrb- is a volunteer based non-profit organization that maintains a multi-lingual internet archive of marxist writers and other similar authors -lrb- socialists , anarchists , etc . -rrb- .
for sudan does not look so different from the rhinoceros that albrecht dürer portrayed in 1515 .
the injury appears to confirm contemporary accounts that he died in close combat in the thick of the battle and unhorsed – as in the great despairing cry shakespeare gives him : “ a horse !
and somehow , the pharmaceutical companies have to be convinced to chase the development of these less profitable drugs .
we can do it , a bottled pale ale , has just gone on sale in stores across sweden .
yet even he has spoken out against the unreasonable demands companies place on their employees as they struggle to stay afloat in a more complex globalized market .
thalassa is irregularly shaped and shows no sign of any geological modification .
in his early 20s , he moved to memphis .
he was probably lactose intolerant and had more difﬁculty digesting starchy foods than the farmers who transformed diets and lifestyles when they took up tools in the ﬁrst agricultural revolution .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
“ in ancient india , it was part of daily life , both the physical and the mental aspects .
an episode of due south , " dr. long ball " , was filmed at arnold anderson stadium in cockshutt park .
it was first released in japan for the nintendo 64 on april 14 , 2001 .
subsequently , she appeared in several episodes of the television series nypd blue during 1994 and 1995 .
china is the biggest coal importer , and indonesia the biggest exporter , having temporarily overtaken australia .
purposes of cleanliness include health , beauty , absence of offensive odor , avoidance of shame , and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others .
it is theft , as surely as reaching into someone ’ s pocket and taking their wallet is theft. ” his article comes after music industry leaders met british prime minister david cameron in downing street , where the issue of web piracy was discussed .
“ either the mine must stop digging , creating mass unemployment , or the city has to move – or else face certain destruction .
the growing gap between the rich and poor is a global phenomenon .
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2000 , and given the temporary designation .
“ your problems are legitimate . ”
when you ’ re submerged in cold water it ’ s a different story : cooling the face does lead to a slower heart rate in most people .
many may bring claims against the british government .
already one billion people do not get enough food .
it is associated chiefly with the holiday halloween , and was named after the phenomenon of strange light flickering over peat bogs , called ignis fatuus or jack-o ' -lantern .
another possible escape route could have involved inky squeezing into an open pipe at the top of his tank , which led under the floor to the drain .
he claims poland ’ s new government , elected in october 2015 , is hostile to wolves .
my first thought was that it was a plane crash. ” what she had actually witnessed were the death throes of a ten-tonne meteorite that plunged to earth in a series of fireballs just after sunrise .
none of their stated goals was achieved and polls showed that voters overwhelmingly blamed them for the crisis .
he forgets to give presents .
law enforcement officials have long had concerns about €500 notes .
“ our training facilities are amongst the finest in global sport and our home , old trafford , is rightfully regarded as one of the leading venues in the world .
the higgs boson is the only standard model particle that has not yet been observed .
the birth of bowie and iman ’ s daughter , alexandria , followed in august 2000 .
boorowa is a farming town in new south wales , australia .
the prime minister promised a devolution revolution across great britain , including votes on english issues by english mps at westminster , as he welcomed scotland ’ s decision to remain inside the uk .
they provide many desirable characteristics for use as ornament , timber , firewood and pulpwood .
sir donald bradman ac , australian cricketer universally regarded as the greatest batsman of all time was born in cootamundra .
the game includes elements of role-playing and business simulation games .
the researchers say the increased levels of antioxidants are equivalent to “ one to two of the five portions of fruits and vegetables recommended to be consumed daily and would therefore be significant and meaningful in terms of human nutrition , if information linking these compounds to the health benefits associated with increased fruit , vegetable and wholegrain consumption is confirmed ” .
climate change , declining numbers of animals , rising numbers of humans and the rapid rate of species extinction mean a growing number of scientists now declare us to be in the anthropocene – the geological age of extinction when humans finally dominate the ecosystems .
“ it was difficult to get them into school without any compensation for their time , ” says sadia nasrin , who runs sonjag , another dhaka grassroots ngo .
the terrorists are misusing the name of islam and pashtun society for their own personal benefits .
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
for example , most countries hugely underestimate how much of their population is overweight or obese .
he added that the new method was particularly helpful in re-examining cases where the cause of death was unclear .
previous versions were based on knoppix .
news reports indicate that the poorer , rural villages were hardest hit .
and that is being lost. ” people quickly become accustomed to changes in their environments , including rising noise levels , and , over time , fristrup fears that we will accept far worse environmental conditions than we should and forget how much quieter the world could be .
only traits that help us survive and reproduce are transmitted .
“ our properties have told us it ’ s important to be able to reorganize staff rotas quickly to respond to the weather and zero-hours contracts allow us to do this. ” politician chuka umunna said the contracts should be the exception to the rule .
coinciding with the start of the confederations cup – a world cup test event – the rallies brought together a wide coalition of people frustrated with the escalating costs and persistently poor quality of public services , lavish investment in international sporting events , low standards of health care and wider unease about inequality and corruption .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
the twelve-wired bird of paradise , seleucidis melanoleucus or seleucidis melanoleuca , is a medium-sized , approximately 33cm-long , velvet black and yellow bird of paradise .
professor sajiv singh of carnegie mellon university robotics institute , who runs a “ critical cargo delivery ” company called nearearth , said that piloting a state-of-the-art drone was a little more like leaving it a trail of breadcrumbs : go to this altitude , perform this short task , go back home .
seven of the attacks were fatal .
giardia lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
of the moons discovered by the voyager 2 imaging team , only puck was discovered early enough that the probe could be programmed to image it in some detail .
for an astrophysicist , that is not a difficult decision to make but it is also a moot point because i do not think we will see a one-way mission in my lifetime . ”
it is also very challenging to ensure they stay in school – the dropout rate is very high for these children .
“ this learned deafness is a real issue , ” fristrup told the american association for the advancement of science meeting in san jose .
in more than 11 separate studies , the researchers showed that people hated being left to think , regardless of their age , education , income or the amount of time they spent using smartphones or social media .
artist cristina planas had placed huge , sculpted vulture heads on top of 25 dead palm trees in a wetland reserve in the south of the city .
“ one thing we don ’ t know is what sort of pathogens were affecting these people , ” said lalueza-fox .
the research paper was written by dr sophie van der zee of cambridge university , professor ronald poppe of utrecht university , professor paul taylor of lancaster university and anderson .
“ i ’ ve looked at buying and seen mortgage advisers but i just can ’ t borrow enough to get on the property ladder. ” gavin is trying to save but is struggling to amass the necessary funds .
it has been called 'the hotel of mum and dad ' but few guesthouses have such favourable terms .
the machine detected the carbon-14 , matched the cheque against a pin and paid out the cash .
while at the cowles foundation , his research focused mainly on neo-classical growth theory , following the seminal work of solow .
“ i don ’ t see legitimacy in a judicial system based on authority , because i don ’ t recognize its authority , ” he said .
the first team would land on the surface of mars in 2023 to begin constructing the colony , with a team of four astronauts every two years after that .
as the pollster notes : “ trump says what they ’ re thinking and , the more outrageous he is , the more they agree with him .
9 supersonic 747s many of us have travelled faster than sound .
analog is usually thought of in an electrical context ; however , mechanical , pneumatic , hydraulic , and other systems may also convey analog signals .
tourism is concentrated in the mountains , particularly around the towns of davos / arosa , laax and st. moritz / pontresina .
indignant waiters are calling for public support in a battle to hold on to their tips .
the direct action group uk uncut plans to turn dozens of the coffee empire ’ s uk branches into crèches , refuges and homeless shelters to highlight the chain ’ s tax avoidance tactics .
initially very disorganized , surface pressures gradually decreased across the region , with a weak low pressure area developing on september 19 .
the way clouds affect global warming has been the biggest mystery surrounding future climate change .
dar es salaam was retained as the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .
the problem , of course , is that most people , just like me , struggle to hold their breath for much longer than a minute .
a repeat of the toxin spill today would have a much , much more damaging impact , ” said rose .
unless battery technology is made vastly more efficient , electric airliners won ’ t get off the ground .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the air , accelerated around the motor-driven turbine , is compressed through a series of valves and stored in the attached tank , which has a display light that flashes green when it is full .
the bridge is administered by the thousand islands bridge authority , an international agency .
they are now abolished , although in northern ireland their former areas are used as the basis for lieutenancy .
introduction did you know that , in the uk , there is no legal requirement for restaurants to pass on tips to staff ?
in the ancient tribal hebraic context , it was considered the duty of the individual and family to avenge evil on behalf of god .
“ it ’ s a funny thing , ” he says .
tristan turns to isolde , who agrees to follow him again into the realm of night .
“ if we want to find the answer as to what ’ s going on with the midlife crisis , we should look at what is similar in middle-aged humans , chimps and orangutans , ” he said .
or 'who do i know in that venture capital outfit ? '
that is quite striking because , the more you talk to referees , the more obvious it is that supporting each other through thick and thin is fundamental .
as to what should be done about it , these things should be made more transparent. ” while statisticians warned that some of the data may be skewed by factors such as women entering occupations where there is less of a culture of bonus payments , the discrepancies in the sizes of awards do appear to be aggravating britain ’ s pay gap , which the government says is closing but still sees full-time male employees earn 10 % more than women .
however the registration law changed in 2006 and since march 2007 official vehicles have got standard number plates .
4 mr blue sky sunlight is white , containing all the colours of the spectrum but , as it passes through air , some of the light is scattered when it interacts with the gas molecules .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
in the third round , the conference finals , the two remaining teams in each conference play each other , with the conference champions proceeding to the stanley cup finals .
inventing new technology is only half the battle , though .
topics such as sanctity of marriage , adultery , alcoholism , prostitution , and religions are woven throughout the album .
but all it does is just upset me and anger me that people can get away with writing the stuff they do ; not just about me , but about everything and everybody .
he would tell me stuff about how he would walk into a house , even when he knew people were there .
the chance to click on international news websites , communicate with friends and family overseas and use sites like facebook and twitter has created a massive buzz .
“ now , we seem to be forgetting that lesson .
passenger trains operated to forbes until 1983 .
in that landscape of neglect , it was the mismanagement of the crowd by the police , commanded by an inexperienced chief superintendent david duckenfield , that was “ the prime cause ” of the disaster .
that was unexpected , said lalueza-fox , because the mutation for blue eyes was thought to have arisen more recently than the mutations that cause lighter skin colour .
the us team fitted two rats with devices called brain-to-brain interfaces that let the animals collaborate on simple tasks to earn rewards , such as a drink of water .
mark schatz has played bass regularly with the group since 2003 .
there will also be hundreds of lectures , recitals , international academic conferences , films , concerts , operas and major exhibitions .
“ i am proud that wales will be the first nation in the uk to take this step .
apple connect is something very different , somewhere in the middle of youtube , facebook and soundcloud , letting artists post music , videos , photos and more to their profile pages .
they have the same little legs stuck out of a majestic body and they even lower their heads in the same contemplative way .
finally , oxytocin effects only last about 45 minutes , so there may be practical considerations as to whether this could be used as a treatment .
he would not give a reason , but community leaders in haringey , who led a vocal campaign to stop the sale of the artwork that was prised from the wall of a poundland in wood green , were jubilant .
it is a majestic rectangle of strong bone and leathery flesh , a head that expresses pure strength .
nelson mandela , the towering figure of africa ’ s struggle for freedom and a hero to millions around the world , has died at the age of 95 .
there is every chance miami may one day become uninhabitable .
10 flying through time time zones provide an artificial journey through time – but special relativity means that a flight involves actual time travel .
“ we have known for a long time that torture does not work , ” he said .
it was entirely possible to catch turtles or small fish by hand , he said , since “ they are inquisitive and they will approach a small boat to shelter underneath it ” .
whenever i hear someone saying , 'oh , i can ’ t lose weight ’ , i say : ’ sellotape .
it is an f-type asteroid , which means that it is very dark in colouring -lrb- darker than soot -rrb- with a carbonaceous composition .
another soon-to-be-published finding , which tabata describes as “ rather significant ” , shows that the tabata protocol burns an extra 150 calories in the 12 hours after exercise , even at rest , due to the effect of excess post-exercise oxygen consumption .
they are beneficial when they enable us to communicate with distant loved ones , but not when they replace face-to-face contact .
rather , our contribution on the greenhouse-gas-emission issue is simply to reduce electricity consumption , ” he said .
his presidency rode a wave of tremendous global goodwill but was not without its difficulties .
however , steve mcnamara , general secretary of the 10,500-strong london taxi drivers ’ association , said : “ you won ’ t get these driverless cars in london for 20 or 25 years .
the film stars al pacino , john cazale , chris sarandon , james broderick , and charles durning .
facebook posts signalled the start of the maidan protests during the hours after it was announced that ukraine would not sign a free trade and association agreement with the eu , onuch found .
thus , the erzgebirge region became famous for many christmas traditions .
we have to compete with attractions like the london dungeon . ”
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
but perhaps the fairest thing about eating worms and insects comes when we are dead – then they get a chance to nibble their own back .
microsoft – which is currently running an advertising campaign with the slogan “ your privacy is our priority ” – was the first , with collection beginning in december 2007 .
“ we can do it is not a female beer but a beer brewed by women that anyone can drink , ” she says .
female ’ s approach is different , with women- only tastings that allow potential customers to experiment with flavours and styles of beer that they may not normally try .
but , authorities suspected he was not paying taxes on the clothes , furniture and other goods he was importing from china .
google will run a pilot programme using the cars , which are not yet for sale .
nordraak died in 1866 , and grieg composed a funeral march in his honor .
a clear-skies policy in an ash cloud may be inconvenient – but the risks of ignoring the ash are clear .
deep in its east –west valley , surrounded by high mountains , rjukan and its 3,400 inhabitants are in shadow for half the year .
in the section about “ great british inventions of the twentieth century ” , it states : “ in the 1960s , james goodfellow ( 1937- ) invented the cash-dispensing automatic teller machine ( atm ) or 'cashpoint'. ” so after all these years , goodfellow finally finds himself being talked about in the same breath as john logie baird ( the television ) , alan turing ( the turing machine ) , sir frank whittle ( the jet engine ) and sir tim berners-lee ( the world wide web ) .
roman conquest judea lost its independence to the romans in the 1st century bce , by becoming first a tributary kingdom , then a province , of the roman empire .
you ’ ve lost them in spain , in bali ; tell me where you haven ’ t lost them , ” said abdullah .
in the historiography of japan , the edo period from 1590 to 1868 is also sometimes referred to as the early modern period .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
“ in the first few days , i was up late at night feeding her and i was worried i was doing something wrong .
apple , which is recognized the world over by its simple “ apple with a bite missing ” emblem , led a surge of technology companies in the 2014 report , which has pushed more traditionally valuable brands – such as coca-cola , mcdonald ’ s and gillette – down the table .
how far away are we from a world where drones deliver packages ?
prosecutions after the riots put an end to that belief .
for a while , roof gardens were all the rage .
more employees are falling ill from stress , or worse , succumbing to karoshi , death through overwork .
piscedda , however , is undeterred , remarking of his online critics : “ probably , they are people that aren ’ t in need ... every day , i deal with people ’ s problems and i have to do something to try to solve them .
“ the occupy wall street movement was a good one and had some important things to say about income inequality but it singled out the 1 % and painted them globally as something negative , ” said jamie traeger-muney , a wealth psychologist and founder of the wealth legacy group .
these doppelgängers are typically , but not always , evil in some way .
but the president made clear he did not expect another bitter budget fight and shutdown in 2014 .
the actor mark rylance has called it his favourite book in the world and most of the surviving first folios will be on display – including those belonging to the british and bodleian libraries , and a tattered copy recently discovered in france .
introduction electrical energy conservation is an important element of energy policy .
“ the festival circuit has peaked , ” he said , speaking at the hay festival of literature and arts in powys , wales .
“ it ’ s just like a huge reward for all the effort that we made to be here and to be heard .
at independent uk publisher michael o ’ mara , which has sold almost 340,000 adult colouring books to date , head of publicity , marketing and online , ana mclaughlin , attributes the craze to the way the category has been reimagined as a means of relaxation .
there are worse things to do in life than stroll along rio 's copacabana beach in the sunshine on the way to watch a world cup match , so it was perhaps not surprising that england fan anthony mcdowell from liverpool was having none of the doom and gloom that preceded some of the build-up to the tournament in brazil .
the us forensic medical drama csi has already twice featured virtopsies .
it ’ s heartbreaking to see the decline in people we work with over just a few months. ” but , for many people with a connection to the disease , the awareness that the challenge has created is as valuable as the cash .
this may have helped boost incomes in some rural areas but it has had nutritional consequences , says the government , as teff is the most nutritionally valuable grain in the country .
they were among 16 individuals accused of fraud and other offences by the us department of justice as it set out a series of kickback schemes in a new 240-page indictment that superseded the previous one in may 2015 .
what is 'bit rot ' and is vint cerf right to be worried ?
he said he was particularly annoyed by articles comparing his role as an apache co-pilot gunner to spitfire crews waiting to scramble during the second world war .
“ he called us into his office and told us what decision he had taken .
the authors believe that autumn-born children ’ s greater exposure over the summer months , towards the end of pregnancy , to vitamin d – the “ sunshine vitamin ” linked to a range of health benefits – is the most likely explanation .
how do you rectify it after four years ?
stoke play their home fixtures at the britannia stadium , a 28,000 all-seater stadium .
in scenes reminiscent of finding nemo , inky – a common new zealand octopus – made his dash for freedom after the lid of his tank was accidentally left slightly ajar .
postal systems often have functions other than sending letters .
we saw in him what we seek in ourselves .
one challenge is creating high-definition scans of the roads and surroundings before the cars can drive along them because they can not gather and process enough information in real time .
it focuses on children working in hazardous conditions – in aluminium and plastic factories , and tanneries .
more likely , the mirror would be used to cool water or some other fluid that would then be pumped around the building .
the ultimate change-makers are the community people , ” says nasrin .
what would they become ?
we know what the issues are ; let ’ s solve them. ” obama , in an initially off-the-record interview during the campaign , expressed optimism of a “ grand bargain ” with the republicans , one that eluded him in 2011 .
“ i raised the money and built the farm , learned the proper tank layout and water flow system , ” said sheehy .
on september 22 , the system had become more organized , and the national hurricane center mentioned the potential existed for tropical or subtropical development in the area .
in the battle for hearts and minds , converting trump ’ s passionate supporters will be hard .
“ the modern prison service in sweden is very different from when i joined as a young prison officer in 1978 , ” says kenneth gustafsson , governor of kumla prison , sweden ’ s most secure jail , situated 130 miles west of stockholm .
giving itunes the download exclusive on an album was not that big a leap of faith for acts given just how much of the download market it controls but trying to do that in streaming is not the same thing .
they are distinguished from the higher plants by a lack of true roots , stems or leaves .
to cater for the growth in cranbourne several primary schools have been proposed .
analysts will now be closely watching seaworld ’ s sales and attendance numbers in the third quarter , which is traditionally the company ’ s most profitable and covers the summer holiday season .
a straw poll of multilingual friends found that many can be ﬂorid in french or italian when ordering from a restaurant menu , for example , but freeze if they have to relay numbers , especially over the phone .
she was born in norwich and attended norwich high school for girls before studying music at cambridge university .
in salvador , some journey times were five times longer than usual .
decreasing speed by six knots could decrease noise intensity by half. ” while the fortunes of some whale species , such as humpbacks and blue whales , the largest mammal on earth , have improved as whaling has declined , others are still under threat from a range of factors .
“ changes in the workplace are happening and it ’ s good that the pay gap is closing – but there is still more to do before we see full equality in the workplace .
in 1952 together with the abolishment of the federal states -lrb- bundesländer -rrb- the district was split into the three parts , which were put together again in 1994 .
the fa chairman , greg dyke , said the shift in mood was palpable .
already there is speculation that something was about to come out about benedict ’ s past .
but you don ’ t want to watch star wars on your iphone so i don ’ t think it ’ s going to run out of steam any time soon. ” meanwhile , dergarabedian is anticipating massive business when the force awakens reaches cinemas in december 2015 .
she always liked to show off , sing and dance .
“ i know when i went out to hit before the match , the conditions at 2.30–3pm were very , very tough .
the drop is described as “ statistically significant ” by professor robert west , of ucl ’ s department of epidemiology and public health , who collates the figures for the toolkit .
in other media aquaman has appeared in multiple cartoon series , as well as a live action version appearing in the tv series smallville .
the number of 19-to-21-year-olds visiting mcdonald ’ s once a month has fallen by 13 % since 2011 , according to food analysts technomic , while the number of 22-to-37-year- olds visiting has not grown .
lauren raskauskas , 22 , naples , florida raskauskas describes herself as a “ pretty private ” person .
only the congress can pass changes to fifa 's statutes .
but you can not , as a girl in iceland , be called harriet .
they want to put the products , used by an estimated 1.3 million people in britain by 2014 , on the same legal basis as gums , patches and mouth sprays aimed at helping smokers to quit , but the industry says the expensive process of licensing would help force alternatives to tobacco off the shelves .
not knowing if your friends are friends with you or your money .
years of preparation and navigational planning went into such a trip and it was critical to the voyagers that the world listened to their message and acted .
in my new role , day shifts were spent on the streets in political rallies and nights were spent alone in the ofﬁce , coordinating the coverage from strife- torn el salvador , nicaragua , guatemala and the rest of central america .
while low-end models sell for as little as $ 700 , court rye , the founder and editor of electricbikereview.com , a popular website , says riders should expect to pay at least $ 1,500 for a quality e-bike with a good battery .
if not , though , she plans to travel to athens to remind the distant government what the tax rise would cost .
the vast majority of people out there like music but don ’ t love it enough to pay $ 120 a year to listen to it ; a sporadic download purchase here and there will suit them just fine .
interrupt controlled system some embedded systems are predominantly interrupt controlled .
“ the nsa ’ s invasive surveillance of americans ’ private information does not respect our constitutional values and needs fundamental reform , not incidental changes .
“ we were all in the sala del concistoro in the third loggia of the apostolic palace , ” he said .
today i feel silly , and other moods that make my day , 1998 ; listed on the new york times best-seller list for 9 weeks .
a video game publisher is a company that publishes video games that they have either developed internally or have had developed by a video game developer .
not that this seems to daunt takahito iguchi .
however , he doesn ’ t think the system has gone soft .
it is irrefutable that oil companies still have a central role in today ’ s global energy supply and a successful oil project has the potential to transform the economic and social well-being of a whole country. ” he added : “ the park has sadly been in decline for many years , officially falling below the standards required for a world heritage site .
you can ’ t stop thinking about it .
“ now , i hope , men and women who want to start a family but haven ’ t met the right person yet will have another option , ” says limal .
that is , the term is defined negatively and does not presuppose a genetic relationship .
“ we also used to subsidize fossil fuels , which have a heavy cost , so when we heard about the potential of solar energy , we thought , 'why not ?
huawei has been partly banned by the us and australian governments due to fears that its equipment could be used by the chinese for cyber-espionage .
humans derive about 20 % of their protein from animal-based products now , but this may need to drop to just 5 % to feed the extra two billion people expected to be alive by 2050 , according to research by some of the world ’ s leading water scientists .
as they did so , relevant memory-encoding brain cells were producing the channelrhodopsin protein .
they have got tipping right in italy , where people don ’ t add a service charge but usually round up their bill so , if they get a meal for €19 , they leave a €20 note and don ’ t ask for change .
the prime minister , shinzo abe , is not known for taking long vacations .
it consisted of the american , british , and french occupation sectors established in 1945 .
clearing hoarders ’ houses full of rubbish , rats and excrement … among other things .
villagers are also seeking better protection. ” the government is making conservation plans for tigers .
this year , that means eating at about 1.30am before the sun rises and breaking his fast at about 11pm when the sun sets .
she said : “ the us experience suggests that a more efficient gas market , marked by flexible pricing and fuelled by indigenous unconventional resources that are produced sustainably , can reduce coal use , carbon dioxide emissions and consumers ’ electricity bills .
so , if you sell £1,000 worth of food , the company will take £40 .
the table below highlights those differences .
“ we are all taught not to talk about money .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
then , i was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress .
“ plans to explore for oil and exploit oil reserves put virunga ’ s potential value at risk , ” it says .
trigonometric functions are important in the study of triangles and modeling periodic phenomena , among many other applications .
we do not have many sheep here .
“ all the girls are different – there is no typical woman beer-lover .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
career he studied with the english-born composer henry hugo pierson in stuttgart , and with william sterndale bennett and the pianist edward dannreuther in london .
the low was located in an area favorable for development and a tropical cyclone formation alert was issued shortly after the low formed .
lawyers for the owner of the building , a company called wood green investments ltd , have refused to confirm if it had anything to do with the episode .
the vancomycin that we used to rely on to treat mrsa infection was defeated .
killzone 2 is a first-person shooter -lrb- fps -rrb- for the playstation 3 , developed by guerrilla games and published by sony computer entertainment .
the corpses were often left decaying for months .
“ it is unlikely that this kind of pairing could lead to the rich set of associations related to normal memories , although it is possible that , over time , such pairing could be integrated with other memories to construct a more elaborate false narrative. ” the mouse models created by the mit team will help scientists ask ever more complex questions about memories in people .
argentina has lodged an expression of its unhappiness that the us outdoor clothing retailer , patagonia , is claiming a domain name that has been known far longer as a region of spectacular beauty that also has its own parliament .
in nepal , kings used to stand on tiger skins in front of stuffed tigers for special occasions .
“ if this is replicated , it suggests that oxytocin might treat something for which we don ’ t have a treatment in autism , and that ’ s the core social motivation , ” pelphrey told the guardian .
3 .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .
defendants have often been convicted of offences based on eyewitness testimony only to have their convictions later overturned when dna , or some other corroborating evidence , is brought to bear .
those who have acquired some knowledge of astronomy can receive a badge confirming that their hotels are “ dark sky friendly ” .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
the socialist opposition in madrid attacked the proposal , and galindo said it discriminated against migrant workers who flocked to spain during the boom years , many of them from morocco , whose coastline is just 14km away and can be seen from tarifa .
the real prize is finding a way to negate sleep deprivation so humans can function on less sleep .
“ they could be building on top of more roman ruins here .
this page is about reflecting pools in general ; for the pools in washington , d.c. , see lincoln memorial reflecting pool and capitol reflection pool .
in february , 80 people , including schoolchildren , reportedly died near the ruling ba ’ ath party headquarters in mazraa .
and just look out of the window .
this disease is often mild and attacks often pass unnoticed .
wire drawing this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size .
apple have previously tried to build an artist-friendly platform via itunes .
in the lemmon film , jack lemmon chases , tackles and mugs stallone , thinking that stallone 's character is a pickpocket .
before being rescued by the us coastguard , the men stayed alive by eating tuna .
some of what happened to cause the disaster , and the police ’ s subsequent blame-shifting , has been exposed before .
we do not have control of it. ” a spokesperson for poundland said it had no idea who removed the 4ft x 5ft slab from the side of the shop it rents in turnpike lane .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
there comes a time in some men ’ s lives when the days seem darker , mortality more certain , and the only sensible response is to blow the life savings on a sportscar .
in fact , i hate shopping now .
he says that recent work he and colleagues have been doing suggests that britain ’ s insects and other invertebrates are declining just as fast as vertebrates , with “ serious consequences for humanity ” .
brooks , like swabey , has clear ambitions to progress .
“ he did a lot for the young and later travelled with his wife and two daughters .
all across india , in the overcrowded cities , on whatever green space is left , similar scenes are being played out .
this suggests the close-up region , which covers about 1 % of pluto ’ s surface , may still be geologically active .
the name derives from the nahuatl word for the shrub , achiotl .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
“ but stratford is where he bought land and property , where he kept his library , where he lived and read and thought .
the danish toy firm ’ s sales rose across europe , the americas and asia as children snapped up products linked to the film .
“ we are here because we hate the government .
actor matt damon got around the problem by pulling up water from his toilets – pointing out that much of the world had less clean drinking water available .
calvinism gained some popularity in scandinavia , especially sweden , but was rejected in favor of lutheranism after the synod of uppsala in 1593 .
' ” as far as langley is concerned , richard was the true king , the last king of the north , a worthy and brave leader who became a victim of some of the most brilliant propaganda in history , in the hands of the tudors ’ image- maker , shakespeare .
baumgartner ’ s top medical man in the stunt was dr jonathan clark , whose wife laurel clark died in the columbia accident .
“ there is a genuine potential for risk in relying on a satnav , ” said spiers .
becker defeated jim courier in straight sets to win the 1992 year-end atp tour world championships in frankfurt .
if the amount of food wasted around the world were reduced by just 25 % , there would be enough food to feed all the people who are malnourished , according to the un .
facial recognition is a technology that can identify people by analysing and comparing facial features from a database , using devices such as intel realsense cameras , which are able to analyse everything from particular expressions to the clothing brands someone is wearing .
she also visits mainland of china , hong kong , malaysia and singapore frequently for promotional rounds .
but , in the hardest-hit parts of the eu , joblessness rates continue to creep up and the rhetoric does little to shorten the dole queue .
the predators coexist with humans rather than being fenced off , as they are in african safari parks .
the end result is a “ boyfriend ” who can text with you all day .
while meditation techniques and apps such as headspace are trendy solutions frequently recommended for a range of mental health problems , they ’ re not necessarily helpful for loneliness , as they actively encourage us to dwell alone on our thoughts .
“ you are not going to be better nourished if you eat organic food , ” he said .
they found that the ancient dna most closely matched the genetic make-up of people living in northern europe , in particular sweden and finland .
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
“ most will be more than happy to house them in the family home rent-free because it might help their kids get on the property ladder sooner , ” she said .
academics following the media coverage of the essjay controversy , a number of academics noted the damage to the credibility of wikipedia .
as well as current kit sponsors for bayern munich , ferencvárosi tc , and west bromwich albion , t-mobile were co-sponsors of everton with the one2one brand and they also sponsored the 2002 fa youth cup final .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
active cheshire , a strategic body for sports and fitness in cheshire and warrington , is taking a group of senior figures from the local authority up to scotland to assess the results of the daily mile .
“ it ’ s hard to imagine any other movie franchise that could evoke such a level of passion , enthusiasm and excitement. ” the latest star wars mania dates from the hollywood studio disney ’ s purchase of lucasfilm from the film ’ s creator , george lucas , in 2012 ; the $ 4bn acquisition was accompanied by an announcement of three more sequential “ episodes ” – vii , viii and ix – plus then unspecified plans for spin-off movies and “ stand-alones ” to fill the gaps in the release schedule .
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 – 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 – 0 against manchester united in 1995 .
however , some lemurs do possess toilet-claws .
galina zaglumyonova was woken in her flat in central chelyabinsk by an enormous explosion that blew in the balcony windows and shattered clay pots containing her few houseplants .
sudan is the last male northern white rhino on the planet .
education act 1902 , c.42 county councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region , with -lrb- from 1894 -rrb- smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
wolves can be difficult neighbours , ” said chapron .
but , now , scientists fear the real impact of declining wildlife could be closer to home , with the threat to creatures such as ladybirds posing the gravest danger to biodiversity .
facebook has lost millions of users per month in its biggest markets , independent data suggests , as alternative social networks attract the attention of those looking for fresh online playgrounds .
but the whole of australia has had , on average , just one shark-related death a year for the last 50 years .
it ’ s slightly surprising , therefore , that the plan is still the preserve of the serious athlete and musclehead crowd – although that may change now that tabata has agreed a deal with universal studios that will lead to a network of instructors and a dvd range released towards the end of the year .
lothar -lrb- " emma " -rrb- emmerich -lrb- 29 november 1941 13 august 2003 -rrb- was a german football -lrb- soccer -rrb- player .
it is highly possible that people from different backgrounds and cultures will have different semantic brain atlases .
the cuts come despite studies showing that , for every euro invested in programmes such as kethea , the state saves about €6 in costs to the criminal justice and healthcare systems .
one of its new attractions , the triple hurricane roller coaster , was named for the tumultuous storm season .
he forms alliances with other gang members , or when he gets released he then tries to retake control .
nevertheless , there will be signiﬁcant geographical variations ; many millions of people living in the developing world ’ s great cities , including lagos and calcutta , are threatened .
it is considered one of the most important precursors to the academy awards .
“ there are so many implications and we are barely touching the surface , ” he said .
the low rumble of passing ships has long been connected to the disturbance of large whales .
we are not nearly as proud of our achievements as we should be .
nevertheless , the project has already had 10,000 applicants , according to the company ’ s medical director , norbert kraft .
“ we ’ re not as cynical as the pundits believe .
a newly released report by the usda forest service maps the increasing number of urban locations that are particularly vulnerable to wildfire .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
however , the term font is also often used as a metonym for typeface .
“ virunga represents a valuable asset to dr congo and contributes to africa ’ s heritage as the oldest and most biodiverse park on the continent , ” the report continues .
he wants to set up a football team for migrants , he explains over an instant cappuccino in the immaculate tent he calls home , and even dreams of changing the camp name .
hopeful , the resident of vanity fair , who takes faithful 's place as christian 's fellow traveller .
the alabama state legislature formed additional counties from former indian lands as the indian removal act took effect and settlers populated different areas of alabama .
unveiling a car with a top speed of 25mph , two seats and no pedals or steering wheel might not make much of an impression at a motor show .
“ but what about what ’ s above it ? ” wise and others spent years drawing up their submission to the ida , collecting reams of light readings and forming an alliance of local councils , parks ’ bodies and community groups to produce an exterior lighting master plan that influences the construction of new developments in the area .
the terms of servicepicasa : terms of service permit google to use the uploaded photos to display on the website or via rss feeds , and also for promoting google services royalty-free .
they may give flexibility to a few , but the balance of power favours the employers and makes it hard for workers to complain. ” workers on zero-hours contracts are often only told how many hours they will work when weekly or monthly rotas are worked out , but are expected to be on call for extra work at short notice .
the empire of nicaea succeeded in capturing constantinople and the rest of the latin empire , thus re-establishing the byzantine empire .
at st ninian ’ s , teachers take their pupils out of lessons on to a specially built circuit around the school ’ s playing field for their daily mile whenever it best suits that day ’ s timetable .
the typical adult spends eight hours and 41 minutes each day communicating or consuming media , including old-fashioned books and newspapers , and just eight hours and 21 minutes asleep .
but margaret allen ’ s does .
but the balance has been shifting steadily .
in the last six months , facebook has lost nearly 9m monthly visitors in the us and 2m in the uk .
the researchers found much higher levels of cadmium , a toxic metal , in conventional crops .
“ hopefully , next time it won ’ t be in the eleventh hour .
a doll is an object that represents a baby or other human being .
“ i got frustrated with everyone trying to sell themselves as really active , always travelling or with a long list of hobbies , but no mention of children , ” limal said .
the patent documents proposed a system incorporating a card reader and buttons mounted in an external wall of the bank and stated : “ when the customer wishes to withdraw a pack of banknotes from the system , he simply inserts his punched card in the card reader of the system and operates the set of ten push-buttons in accordance with his personal identification number. ” aside from the cards with punched holes , that pretty much describes today ’ s atm .
telephone cables ran through the tunnels , down the cliff and under the harbour to batteries on the other side .
on january 4 , 1999 , mick foley , who had wrestled for wcw during the early 1990s as cactus jack , won the wwf title as mankind on raw .
a nationwide holiday on 15 august marked 65 years of indian independence – in the past , a day fraught with peril in a state where many do not feel part of the world ’ s biggest democracy .
after being transferred to the town of blakeley in 1810 , the county seat was later moved to the city of daphne in 1868 .
the uk environment secretary , elizabeth truss , said : “ food is the heart and soul of our society and this data not only shows what we were eating 40 years ago but how a change in culture has led to a food revolution .
following the december 2007 decision by landlords , the vale of glamorgan council to terminate the £ 65,000 funding of the barry island railway , the society struggled to maintain a service .
for the older teenagers , it might be more sensible to start the school day at 11am or even later .
they are really over . ”
it has just over 3,000 beds for visitors , compared with tens of thousands on an island such as rhodes .
“ someone snatched my telly from me – it ’ s cos i ’ m the smaller one. ” blackett , fischer and some mates had driven to sainsbury ’ s at 12.45am after retreating from the “ bedlam ” of tesco ’ s 24-hour lea valley supermarket , where the black friday sale started at midnight .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
however , the lake trio come back to nullify the legendary 's power and break the red chain , interrupting the ritual .
a tongue- in-cheek video adds a melodramatic voiceover , in which the noble ” carthatidae lineage – the vultures ” are pitted against pestilence and disease , while “ humanity is placidly ignoring the danger ” .
and i do believe we have an impact on that and we do have the ability to change it , if we make the decision to. ” kelly ’ s active social- media life , which he said was a joint effort with his girlfriend , earned him a huge online following .
trump has complained that many of these incidents were exaggerated by the political media , 70 % of whom , he says , are “ scum ” .
“ the charity really resonates with people at this time of year and the ad lends itself to thinking about someone who lives on your street that might not see anybody , ” said rachel swift , head of marketing at john lewis .
in 2009 , italy ’ s central bank warned that the notes were widely used by mafia money launderers and terrorists .
consumers say they are attracted by a cheap , user-friendly and legal alternative to pirated downloads .
if you have that money to pay for people to go away , why don ’ t you use that money to keep them here ? ” said consuelo melis , who works behind the bar in a local café .
however , the council was delayed until 1545 , and convened right before luther 's death .
he tells how in his late teens , after his mother died , he became drawn into a south london gang , which , at the time , helped fill a huge vacuum .
the argument from the retailers is that they do this to provide a personal shopping experience but it remains a grey area .
we were amateurs in a professional environment compared to now. ” when the subject of technology comes up , the three former refs are unanimous in their support of it .
“ what is striking is that simply being alone with their thoughts was apparently so aversive that it drove many participants to self-administer an electric shock that they had earlier said they would pay to avoid , ” the scientists write in science jessica andrews-hanna at the university of colorado said many students would probably zap themselves to cheer up a tedious lecture .
“ it allows you to test your market , test your pricing , test your features , discover new revenue streams , get vital feedback , ” says ringelmann .
“ the state ’ s admission of defeat , ” commented marco patavino .
it is not clear what will then happen to the bottle , but erdmann hopes it will stay at the museum .
the majority of the population of the central african republic lives in the western parts of the country , near bangui .
my father ’ s always trying to remind me about who i am and stuff like that .
some cities have pigeons .
that ’ s pretty cool . ”
' ”
tobiko - flying fish roe , very crunchy , reddish orange in color .
ramadan will eventually fall during winter , which , in iqaluit , sees the sun rise and set within a few hours each day .
the lithosphere is underlain by the asthenosphere , the weaker , hotter , and deeper part of the upper mantle .
wahlenbergia species have dispersed widely , even to oceanic islands , and there are four species known from the island of st helena , including the now extinct species w. roxburghii .
“ what , in reality , they are really doing is marginalizing these people even more by pushing them into the arms of drug dealers who offer them protection. ” just when the demand for help has never been greater , state-funded organizations such as kethea have had their budgets slashed by a third at the request of the “ troika ” – the ec , ecb and imf – keeping the debt-stricken greek economy afloat .
in 2006 , phil downing left the band , citing communication problems with other members .
chess boxing fights have been organized since early 2003 .
for britain , this is likely to be part of the explanation for people ’ s huge overestimates of how much the wealthiest own , how many young people are still living at home and what proportion of the population are immigrants ( the guess is 25 % , when it is really only 13 % , according to official estimates ) .
she was left behind -lrb- explanations for this vary -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
such a thing is not out of the question but requires a lot of faith. ” he added : “ rises in global average temperatures of at least 4c by 2100 will have profound impacts on the world and the economies of many countries if we don ’ t urgently start to curb our emissions . ”
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
each author – their names revealed year by year and chosen by a panel of experts and paterson , while she is alive – will make the trek to the spot in the forest high above oslo , where they will surrender their manuscripts in a short ceremony .
in addition to the town gouda in the netherlands , gouda can refer to : gouda -lrb- cheese -rrb- gouda -lrb- pottery -rrb- gouda -lrb- slang -rrb- gouda , south africa , a town in the western cape province of south africa .
it brings stronger relationships with those you love , a stronger economy with more opportunities and a stronger society that reflects all of our values , ” wrote zuckerberg in the post announcing the numbers .
soco insist that their operations in congo would be confined to an area in the park known as block v , and would not affect the gorillas .
it is not always possible to achieve this in one prison sentence .
goldsmith , who is already planning to bring a production of the anne frank story to the as-yet-unnamed venue , said : “ it ’ s a whole completely different way of producing shows. ” during his hay appearance , the impresario also revealed some of the “ access-all-areas ” secrets from his long career in the music industry , talking about keith moon putting dynamite down a sydney hotel room toilet in an effort to unblock it and witnessing the paralysing stage fright that gripped john lennon just before an appearance at madison square garden in 1974 and led to him being dragged , vomiting , out of his dressing room and shoved out on stage .
the psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of compassion , empathy and empathic concern .
more than 500 apes were included in the study in three separate groups .
“ it ’ s a pain point everyone has. ” betterboyfriend.me was not sullivan ’ s first idea .
the series premiered august 20 , 2007 on nick jr. and began broadcasting february 23 , 2008 on noggin .
not just the identity of the man in the car park with the twisted spine , but the appalling last moments and humiliating treatment of the naked body of richard iii in the hours after his death have been revealed at an extraordinary press conference at leicester university .
to avoid adversaries from guessing the key using a brute-force attack , the key space is usually designed to be extremely large .
facebook embodies that philosophy and created an entire industry from it .
alcazar have taken part in melodifestivalen , the annual competition that selects sweden 's entries for the eurovision song contest , on numerous occasions .
it consists of the royal australian navy , the australian army , the royal australian air force and a number of ' tri-service ' units .
i will always cherish the wonderful memories he has given us , like that magical night in moscow. ” avie glazer , his brother , said : “ i am delighted to announce that alex has agreed to stay with the club as a director .
businesses started or supported by lottery winners employ 3,195 people , according to the study .
what a historic fool of epochal proportions i ’ d look if they opened it in 2114 and it wasn ’ t any good. ” usually , says mitchell , who was shortlisted for the man booker for his novels number9dream and cloud atlas , he “ polishes and polishes ” his writing .
new yorker , sharon surloff , was delighted with her phone picture of the royal bulletin , snapped after she and her niece and mother had squeezed through crowds to take a photograph of the easel .
california ’ s dream of farming the desert made sense while its total population remained around half a million ( in 1870 ) – but , now , the state is home to 38 million people , who , between them , own 32 million vehicles and expect to be surrounded by lawns and golf courses .
the leg bones just showing through the soil were covered up again .
it took him a while to establish himself with a rock audience , for whom the blues was largely defined by the chicago school of muddy waters and howlin ’ wolf but he was brought to their attention by musicians who admired him .
another difficulty was how to situate many businesses and homeowners that have mail sent to the local post office rather than delivered to their address .
metarterioles provide direct communication between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the bloodflow through the capillaries .
black tea and coffee are also on sale .
the tesco store is across the road from an ikea furniture store that was the scene of riots when it opened with a midnight sale in 2005 .
the census bureau 's legal authority is codified in title 13 of the united states code .
“ it seemed like i lived there forever , ” kelly said .
september 13 - astronomers from the european southern observatory -lrb- eso -rrb- announce images that appear to show a planet orbiting a brown dwarf about 230 light years away .
even if there is a gun in my hand and he stands in front of me , i would not shoot him. ” she spoke confidently , with only an injured eye and a slightly drooping left side of her face to hint at such fresh traumas .
suggested etiologies of the name " kavirondo " include from local young warriors , armed with spears , bows , arrows , & clubs , who were observed to sit on their heels , which in kiswahili is kaa virondo .
in return , romania ceded three southern districts of bessarabia to russia and acquired dobruja .
the radiation is “ of quite a different nature ” from anything that has been tested on earth , he said .
this could , one day , include water desalination , in a country that is increasingly being hit by drought as the climate warms .
they can occur at any beach with breaking waves , including the world 's oceans , seas , and large lakes such as the great lakes in the united states of america and canada .
the video premiered on mtv 's headbangers ball on october 25 , 2008 as part of the headbangers ball 20th anniversary special programming .
“ we ’ ve been giving him a lot of water and he ’ s gaining strength. ” fraser christian , who teaches maritime survival courses at his coastal survival school in dorset , said the man ’ s story , if true , would be remarkable but far from unique .
he ’ s not a conservative , he ’ s not a liberal – he believes in himself , ” former presidential rival , bobby jindal , told the guardian , shortly before dropping out of the race .
if we want to save jobs and industries , wherever we are , we might think about supporting them .
in this town of 18,000 inhabitants , 2,600 are out of work as spain faces its worst economic crisis in at least half a century , one that has cast doubt on the future of the euro .
his trainer at lima ’ s huachipa zoo , alfredo correa , beams with admiration .
mattimeo is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1989 .
mergers and outreach , 1921 in 1921 the philharmonic merged with new york 's national symphony orchestra -lrb- no relation to the present washington , d.c. ensemble -rrb- .
wilson settled in the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .
but the droplets take a long time to sink .
but , at the end of the day , i was in a private area and there should be a certain amount of privacy that one should expect .
aid will also be needed for the start-up costs for social assistance , universal health coverage and to finance education , including scholarships for the poorest children .
religion despite the name of the band , the members do not consider themselves antitheist .
but now brazil is once again in crisis , with a constant rise in prices , so people are finally reacting. ” comparisons have been drawn with rallies in turkey and elsewhere .
mathias relies on friends for party invites and is sure there are times he “ slips through the cracks ” .
if one gang or another territorial street network knows that an elder [ leader ] has been taken out , then they suddenly think that gang ’ s weak ... and so we have inter-estate disputes going on .
“ technology isn ’ t magic – it is just a tool . ”
hertzprung-russell diagrams are not pictures or maps of the locations of the stars .
“ we are making no progress in reducing these conditions . ”
as engineers put the finishing touches to noor 1 , its 500,000 crescent-shaped solar mirrors glitter across the desert skyline .
i get on well with the lads and i enjoy my job .
brosnan saw a bit of an upturn commercially , while craig has taken it to new levels .
all are native english speakers and two are authors of the study published in nature .
some of the computer models suggested the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west , which a few days later became hurricane epsilon .
that means one of the world ’ s only regulatory market mechanisms aimed at cutting greenhouse gas emissions is failing in its key goals .
south american indians have chewed coca leaves for centuries .
for the study , the researchers signed up 823 people who agreed to have metadata collected from their phones through an android app .
burma , bangladesh and india can expect stronger cyclones ; elsewhere in southern asia , heavier summer rains are anticipated .
however , the president was booed at the opening ceremony for the confederations cup .
a number of countries – including the uk , the us , italy , sweden , the netherlands and russia – opposed bolivia ’ s demands .
“ one time , i did break up with somebody while i was on facebook and i was like ’ oh my gosh , should i change my profile photo ?
subsequently , in february 1941 , 600 jews were sent to buchenwald and mauthausen concentration camps .
in geology , when an igneous intrusion cuts across a formation of sedimentary rock , it can be determined that the igneous intrusion is younger than the sedimentary rock .
much of the ministry of jesus occurred on the shores of lake galilee .
the mission hopes to inspire generations to “ believe that all things are possible , that anything can be achieved , ” much like the apollo moon landings .
“ there is no work in the winter , only in the summertime , ” says maria , who , like many of the workers in the hamptons , is from latin america .
“ it shows , if people are willing to protect nature and if political will is translated into strong legislation like the habitats directive , it ’ s possible to achieve results in wildlife protection. ” the revival was welcomed by author and commentator george monbiot , who is launching rewilding britain , a new charity to encourage the return of wild landscape and extinct species .
the ladies have barely swallowed their last crumb when allen is up again , leading the group through a jaunty scottish number involving lots of toe pointing and leg kicking .
“ we ’ re just going to keep fighting this battle .
it will be the first time an artist has appeared on a british banknote , after the governor of the bank of england , mark carney , asked the public to nominate a deceased cultural figure they felt deserved the high honour .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .
“ there is a huge aspirational class who look up to what the very wealthy are doing and then copy it , ” he said .
born on one of cuba ’ s outlying islands , he is known for contemporary art with rustic , seaside and patriotic themes and imagery .
the common soft corals on the great barrier reef belong to 36 genera .
its inventors , bob gable and his brother kirkland , were later horri ﬁ ed that the tag had become a form of control and punishment .
the yes campaign scored four big successes , winning 53 % of the vote in scotland ’ s largest city , glasgow , 57 % in dundee and 51 % in north lanarkshire .
to succeed as a power-line helicopter pilot , you need … a steady hand and a cool head .
the double standard view is the official position of the roman catholic church .
clark is now dedicated to improving astronauts ’ chances of survival in a high-altitude disaster .
the meps ’ votes in the first reading of the draft tobacco directive , which could become law in 2014 , will be followed by negotiations with the eu council of ministers .
according to official data , about 200 people die every year from heart attacks , strokes and other karoshi events brought on by punishing work schedules .
plutoids ice dwarfs that have achieved hydrostatic equilibrium are plutoids .
it is thought that this would cause such a total physiological change in their bone density , muscle strength and circulation that voyagers would no longer be able to survive in earth ’ s conditions .
we ’ ve got to get out of the habit of governing by crisis. ” as he left the lectern after his wednesday night press briefing , the president was asked by a journalist whether the crisis would happen all over again in a few months .
most tourists want to see the animals but wolves stay away from humans .
when the reality is so strange and varied , it is no wonder we ’ re so wrong .
however , you still hear horror stories from new employees at some chains .
the arrival of the two mice raises her morale .
bmw has launched a new $ 200,000 model in delhi .
“ i wrote a real love story and a homage to feminine beauty , especially interior beauty .
on 21 june – the new international day of yoga – narendra modi , india ’ s prime minister , hopes the world will join in .
the prime minister was one of the first to offer his congratulations .
“ i ’ m hoping that three , four , five years from now we ’ ll look back and see a very different map of canada ’ s north , ” brindle added .
“ we have also measured increases in heart size after three weeks of doing the protocol , ” says tabata .
but , a restoration project of derelict tower rooms has begun that will eventually allow visitors to climb up into the tower to an exhibition showcasing the work of the architect of the houses of parliament , sir charles barry , who rebuilt the house between 1839 and 1842 .
“ i visited a mosque a few months ago and said our greatest allies are american muslims who are most integrated and economically well off , ” he said .
france ’ s women ’ s minister , najat vallaud- belkacem , tweeted : “ bravo to clermont foot for understanding that giving women a place is the future of professional football. ” carolina morace , an italian who was the only previous woman coach of a men ’ s professional team , said : “ i don ’ t know helena , but , if she has been hired by a team , then it means that she knows how to do her job .
in other words , do not go trekking near the border that separates the indian and pakistani controlled parts of j & k .
if you see a ferocious animal coming at you with its teeth bared , it ’ s scary , but dolphins have this lovely , wide smile .
the structure was designed by the greek architects satyros and pythis .
khumbu has the highest landfill sites in the world , ” he says .
in particular , the ordination of a bishop is often called a consecration .
by deploying a fleet of cargo bicycles to collect and recycle unmanaged waste in lagos , wecyclers lets families exchange garbage for consumer goods via an sms-based point system .
“ around a third of the welsh population is on the organ donor register , but well over two- thirds in surveys say they are happy to be organ donors .
“ roof space accounts for only a small portion of the earth ’ s surface so , at this point , we don ’ t think this would be a geoengineering solution .
casserly argues that there is much wrong with copyright , which was created “ in an analogue age ” .
i think being able to innovate and introduce this on the market , and the process of making it , is quite interesting. ” the butare shop employs nine women , who spend their spare time practising with ingoma nshya , rwanda ’ s first and only female drumming troupe , which was established by katese ten years ago .
after mcclory ’ s death in 2006 , his family eventually settled with mgm and eon ’ s parent company in november 2013 .
helped by an inuit mapping expert , and stalked by curious locals , the team spent four days trudging through the terrain and collecting the images and information that will give the isolated community on the tundra of baffin island what urbanites across the globe now take for granted .
super mario rpg : legend of the seven stars , often shortened and officially known in japan as , is a hybrid adventure / console role-playing game developed and published by square -lrb- now square enix -rrb- and nintendo .
psychedelic music is a term that refers to a broad set of popular music styles , genres and scenes , that may include psychedelic rock , psychedelic folk , psychedelic pop , psychedelic soul , psychedelic ambient , psychedelic trance , and others .
a favourite place was prague , axani said , where they “ had the largest groundswell of people reaching out ” .
a few us stars have rejected the challenge because of california ’ s drought .
18 the doors aren ’ t locked in practice , the doors on a plane don ’ t need to be locked .
he writes : “ more openness and transparency would benefit mars one greatly but i think that the shortcomings of the selection process , coupled with their unwillingness to engage and collaborate with the scientific community mean that the time might have come for mars one to acknowledge the implausibility of this particular venture and turn their efforts towards supporting other exciting and more viable upcoming space missions. ” roche also expressed worries about the way the mission organizers publicized a so-called top-ten candidates .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
afterwards , doctors performed various medical treatments if necessary .
she reshaped the politics of a whole generation .
“ the pay dirt was when we considered total body motion .
due to the cold war , subsequent trials never took place .
that doesn ’ t mean it ’ s fast enough but you should keep pushing and it ’ s in part due to the courageous acts of young people like yourself. ” when asked about his presidential legacy , obama said he was proud of the healthcare reforms , which received huge cheers from the audience , and said of the us response to the 2008 financial crisis : “ saving the world from great depression – that was quite good. ” he also listed diplomatic deals with iran and the response to the ebola crisis as highlights of his presidency .
spotify paid a lot of money to get led zeppelin and metallica exclusively .
barr attained national prominence as one of the leaders of the impeachment of president bill clinton .
iron maiden , released on april 14 , 1980 , is the debut album by heavy metal band iron maiden .
a population of just 84 killer whales forage up the us west coast and into puget sound .
at a conference on terrorist financing in london , the head of europol , rob wainwright , called on the european central bank ( ecb ) to look at whether it “ should continue to produce and circulate these notes that make it easier for criminals and terrorists to hide their business and to fund illegal activities ” .
the world has not agreed with aubrey .
“ when i discuss with the summer community that comes out here about the food pantries , they ’ re always shocked because there is that glamorous side of the hamptons where there are galas and the beaches and the mansions that are here .
however , a brief examination of the state of the local economy provides an explanation .
on friday he ruled that a fair trial was possible , and highlighted the fact that thousands of documents came to light in 2011 after the foreign office admitted to a secret archive of colonial-era files .
“ we don ’ t want them running out on the basis of this study or any other and trying oxytocin at home .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
the tuvaluan language is spoken by virtually everyone , while a language very similar to gilbertese is spoken on nui .
historically mills were powered by hand -lrb- mortar and pestle -rrb- , working animal , wind -lrb- windmill -rrb- or water -lrb- watermill -rrb- .
in contrast to the hollywood portrait of schizophrenics , mentally ill people are essentially no more prone to violence than sane individuals .
it was strictly platonic .
i ’ m quite impressed with myself .
like many of his fellow students , he is frustrated that media coverage of the sprawling tent-village has focused only on those who use it as a staging post for risky nightly bids to sneak on board cross-channel lorries or trains .
“ i do not even hate the talib who shot me .
their match stemmed from the royal rumble , the pay-per-view event two months prior to wrestlemania .
people are worried about the concentration of wealth , the housing pressures facing young people and immigration levels , and this is reflected in them overstating the scale of the issues .
alan stern , the mission ’ s principal investigator , described the images as a “ home run ” for the team .
tpl then sold a conservation easement over the entire property to the state of florida , while polk county purchased the gardens portion of the property , less the development rights conveyed in the state easement .
the led light is powered by a dynamo driven by the descent of a 10kg bag of rocks .
all indicators have equal weight , except for pension income coverage , life expectancy at 60 , healthy life expectancy at 60 and psychological well-being .
before starting his first year at college , he signed up for his first , and only , social media account .
drugs we had previously barely heard of became commonplace .
indeed , a study of social media at the university of michigan in 2013 found that , while facebook reduces life satisfaction , using technology to help you meet new people can be beneficial .
iso 3166-1 is part of the iso 3166 standard published by the international organization for standardization -lrb- iso -rrb- , and defines codes for the names of countries , dependent territories , and special areas of geographical interest .
britons are spending a smaller proportion of pay on food today – 11 % , compared with 24 % in 1974 .
trohman was a poor fit for the band in terms of familiarity with the music and in terms of stage presence .
historically , says ingabire , rwandan women were forbidden to drum and many people considered the drums too heavy for women to carry .
sometimes i feel fear .
in the meantime , he argues , we need better research into systems for navigation while children should be encouraged to learn how to find their way around by more traditional means .
“ no , i don ’ t want a fruit beer .
the number of young donors dropped substantially when seatbelt legislation came in .
they were informed – specifically or vaguely – that they would have six to 15 minutes alone .
at home , he pays a nominal rent to cover bills and is able to keep the rest of his earnings from his job at a candle retailer .
meanwhile , video mystery shoppers , who film their visits with a hidden camera planted in a buttonhole or handbag , can earn even more – around £300 a day .
scarlett johansson is suing a french novelist for €50,000 in damages , alleging that his work of fiction makes fraudulent claims about her personal life .
and how does that make him feel ?
revenue fell from $ 405m to $ 392m .
history u.s. president woodrow wilson first proclaimed an armistice day for november 12 , 1919 .
television viewing among 16- to 24-year-olds has been dipping each year since 2010 , but 2013 was the first year where researchers found viewing fell across all age groups .
key -lrb- v -rrb- indicates the actor or actress lent only his or her voice for his or her film character .
thunderball , on the other hand , owed its disputed status to writer-producer kevin mcclory , who helped fleming outline the original story and who claimed ownership of the novel over subsequent decades , and produced never say never again as a result .
a cream background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war european championship .
around 200 of mcdonald ’ s 450 restaurants in russia are being investigated by health inspectors in apparently politically motivated food-safety checks .
from all across rwanda , and even parts of neighbouring burundi , people flock to the southern town of butare to a little shop called inzozi nziza ( sweet dreams ) .
the report found that even as the nightmare began for the families of the victims , wright was meeting his police federation in a sheffield restaurant to prepare “ a defence ” and “ a rock- solid story ” .
the sutlej river -lrb- alternatively spelled as satluj river -rrb- -lrb- , , , , and -rrb- is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the historic crossroad region of punjab in northern india and pakistan .
knowing how many children die and from what cause enables the world to focus its efforts and resources on keeping them alive .
another ambassador to the project is paul römer , the co-creator of big brother , one of the first , and most successful , reality tv shows .
developing virunga for oil will not make anything better .
they have a tremendously sensitive sense of smell. ” the 12 british animal science students leave the polish carpathians without a wolf sighting ; just photographs of paw prints and droppings .
“ banknotes of the bank of england are a celebration of the uk ’ s heritage , a salute to its culture , a testament to its great achievements , including those of its most notable citizens .
there he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
in an attempt to retain its following , bbm has been released on android and apple phones .
it will also encourage staff and customers to join up with their local branch of the charity to care for elderly people who might otherwise be alone over the holiday .
and , efforts to boost production could benefit business interests at the expense of small farmers .
the basic premise is that liars fidget more and so the use of an all-body motion suit – the kind used in films to create computer-generated characters – will pick this up .
“ while some employees welcome the flexibility of such contracts , for many , zero-hours contracts leave them insecure and unsure of when work will come , ” he said .
as the wall street journal recently reported , new orleans city government has , since hurricane katrina in 2005 , begun trying to turn down the volume a bit .
at a time when suicides have also shot up and the spread of hiv infections has assumed epidemic proportions , drug addicts ( a population believed to be around 25,000 strong ) have become increasingly self-destructive .
eu finance ministers have called on policymakers to explore “ appropriate restrictions ” on high-value notes and report back by 1 may 2016 .
the discovery of mutations that bolstered the immune system against bacteria and viruses suggests that the shift to a farming culture in neolithic times did not drive all of the changes in immunity genes that europeans carry today .
pink floyd , the jam , the pogues .
“ is there any prospect of our ever being able to reintroduce wolves to scotland ? ” asks student alex entwisle , 23 , on a field trip to southern poland from his college in the uk .
consumers who believed they had eaten prized kuruma shrimps , for example , were told they had in fact dined on the much cheaper black tiger version .
bernard haitink made his debut with the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .
adrastea was discovered by david c. jewitt and g. edward danielson in voyager 2 probe photographs taken on july 8 , 1979 , and received the designation .
that movie will outline a rebel mission to steal the plans of the death star , a key plot element of the first film in 1977 .
the british government announced that she would receive a ceremonial funeral with military honours at st paul ’ s cathedral .
and it is spreading faster than death .
“ you don ’ t really see it building up as much as you need – even a 5 % deposit is such a lot of money and i would like to put down more , ” she said .
“ the nsa call-records programme is legal and subject to extensive congressional and judicial oversight , and i believe it contributes to our national security , ” she said in a statement .
on the january 16 episode of friday night smackdown , it was announced that swagger would defend the ecw title against hardy in a rematch at the royal rumble .
mcdonald ’ s has seen 12 straight months of declining sales in its massive home market , with sales down 4.1 % in the latest quarter .
i can have the streets cleaned .
it did not matter that it was a second-division club .
even when you say , 'i don ’ t have to struggle for money ' , there are other parts of your life .
allergies are on the rise across developed countries .
an american woman called cynthia , who gave her age as 32 , told the company that it was a “ childhood imagining ” of hers to go to mars .
dennis lee hopper -lrb- born may 17 , 1936 -rrb- is an american actor , filmmaker and artist .
“ does mcdonald ’ s beef contain worms ? ” asked another person ( “ no .
the risk is relatively small , but that is not to say it isn ’ t there. ” alternative social networks such as instagram , the photo-sharing site that won 30m users in 18 months before facebook acquired the business , have seen surges in popularity with younger age groups .
on october 16 , 1990 , the un general assembly decided to grant the icrc observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings , the first observer status given to a private organization .
back in 2005 , when blackberry brought instant messaging to the mobile phone , the company was just entering its boom times .
“ i got here at 10.15pm and i ’ m further back now than when i got here , ” she said .
the guide lists a number of myths about the sources of allergies , from the suggestion that they are caused by e numbers in food colourings to “ toxic overload ” and fast food .
people are now being invited to test their digital knowledge with an abbreviated version of the questionnaire that will give any member of the public a dq score , along with advice on how to improve their understanding and protect themselves and their families online .
primary schools have therefore been quick to note the benefits of the daily mile .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
what huffington emphasizes about sleep , after all , is not that it rests you but that it restores you .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
on the parched grass not far from the india gate monument at the centre of delhi , they stretch , breathe and meditate .
the tornado destroyed 20 homes , left 30 others severely damaged , injured one person , and caused power outages for about 300 people .
the front decayed and dissipated , leaving behind two areas of low pressure .
1 flappy bird be careful what you wish for , especially if you want to invent something new .
he gained international fame for his painting , sculpture and drawings after winning the grand prize at a prominent art biennial in south korea .
over 90 % of their device-time is message based , chatting on social networks like facebook , sending instant messages through services like whatsapp or even firing off traditional mobile- phone text messages .
he once said : “ i can ’ t help it if the ladies take note of me .
many cities are fighting a losing battle against the ravages of nature but is it possible to identify the world ’ s most vulnerable metropolis ?
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
after the man pulled me out of the water , dusty swam away but , then , she came back and was bobbing vertically next to me , looking at me .
an oil leak , by the way , doesn ’ t count as catastrophic failure – something has to fall out of the sky .
genista juncea -rrb- , also known as weaver 's broom , is a perennial , leguminous shrub native to the mediterranean region in southern europe , southwest asia and northwest africa , where it is found in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .
conservationists from britain , germany and the netherlands are beating a path here to find out how the country has saved this protected species , slandered even in fairy tales .
but rising sea levels are not entirely to blame .
in case the unfamiliar setting hampered the ability to think , the researchers ran the experiment again with people at home .
mechanical properties of nanosystems are of interest in the nanomechanics research .
the vulnerable northern white rhino has been hunted virtually to extinction – in spite of every precaution , in spite of the guards and their guns – and other varieties of african rhino are under a sustained attack from poachers that is totally out of control .
for the final part of the study , the researchers delved even deeper , to see what sensitive information they could glean from telephone metadata .
it can be a win-win .
“ when i first heard the news , i was rather surprised , but , once that passed , we were pretty unanimous that it ’ s good news .
however , it also found that 30 % were not saving any money .
batteries are much less efficient .
the iranian embassy in mezze , its turquoise mosaic front giving an exotic glimpse of isfahan or shiraz , looks like a fortress .
“ i have seen octopuses on boats slip through bilge pumps .
the direct evidence suggests there was a migration of h. erectus out of africa , then a further speciation of h. sapiens from h. erectus in africa .
here , powerful antibiotics , essential in the treatment of life-threatening illness , are used routinely .
by contrast , the new method developed by the researchers has performed well in experiments .
horgen is an administrative district of the swiss canton of zürich .
hence , this system is not an official tropical or subtropical cyclone of the 2006 pacific hurricane season .
maria is sitting on a black plastic chair in a community centre on a cold tuesday afternoon waiting for her number to be called .
the endpoints where a continental divide meets the coast are not always definite , because the exact border between adjacent bodies of water is usually not clearly defined .
agios efstratios is so remote , so forgotten by the banks , the government and most of the modern world that the mobile phone network can ’ t process data and there isn ’ t a single atm or credit-card machine on the island .
bridges in the united states is a link page for any notable bridge in the united states of america .
the blake river megacaldera complex is considered a supervolcano due to its great size and its multiple dikes and vents .
they currently play in the eastern division of the national conference .
etymology and usage lyric derives from the greek word lyrikos , meaning " singing to the lyre " .
all members of this genus were once considered part of the same species , calomyscus bailwardi , but they are now referred to as separate species due to major differences in chromosome number , skull measurements , and other features .
but , in a country where only an estimated 5 % of the population has unrestricted access to the internet , a facility that is both free of charge and free of restrictions is being hailed as an unprecedented boon .
but other restaurant groups do not deduct an admin fee from tips .
five years on and it is raising about $ 2m a week for new businesses in start-up and growth stages .
“ they became my new support group , ” he says .
the car , in fact , takes over all the tasks of navigation , steering , acceleration and braking .
“ we had 50 sign-ups an hour when we launched in june and we are already hearing from couples who have met through the site and are now together .
in this context , it ’ s important to work with schools so they have more sensitivity and care about them. ” seven-year-old zhorna akter sumayya has two older brothers , both of whom are in work ( one at a restaurant , one at a local club ) .
banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on august 23 debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- over the open waters of the atlantic ocean .
in response to concerns , the government recently announced that families would play a bigger role .
the exact nature of the transforming principle -lrb- dna -rrb- was verified in the experiments done by avery , mcleod and mccarty and by hershey and chase .
later wales withdrew his support and asked for essjay 's resignation from his positions with wikipedia and wikia .
it ’ s not just scent or aesthetics , either – although dermatologists suggest that slowing down on soap use can improve acne and eczema .
“ with the right analytics running over nation- scale communications data , you can infer huge amounts of sensitive information on everyone .
from about 200 to 30 million years ago , the north american plate was in continual collision with the farallon plate .
q is the seventeenth letter of the basic modern latin alphabet .
“ if you cover significant parts of the roof with this mirror , you can see how much power it can save .
“ teff is second nature to an ethiopian , so who better to supply it ?
he told medium about the selection process in more detail : “ i have not met anyone from mars one in person .
the census is based on the examination of pictures from more than 500 cameras placed in five protected areas and three wildlife corridors .
though they may be popular to start off with , moocs have dire completion rates , observes brabon .
the name was originally used in reference to pesos oro -lrb- gold weights -rrb- or pesos plata -lrb- silver weights -rrb- .
the capital , malé , population 153,379 and only four feet above sea level , has used japanese investment to build a ten-foot sea wall at a cost of $ 63 million – but , long term , only a stabilization of rising sea levels will save it and the rest of the islands .
the children and mothers will undergo “ full and thorough ” clinical assessments and may be seen by a psychologist .
this law does not allow the targeting of any us citizen or of any person located within the united states .
it is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world .
they do not have to be university educated and their annual income must be no more than €15,000 .
we import 94 % of our energy as fossil fuels from abroad and that has big consequences for our state budget , ” el-haite told the guardian .
on top of this are alternating layers of silicon dioxide and hafnium oxide .
“ my work improves the health and hygiene of whole communities. ” 4 .
this is all about proving your worth to your customers and fans , getting them to validateyour idea and fund it .
there was one other unstated allusion to the horror of her past : she wore a white shawl belonging to a woman who was also targeted by extremists but who , unlike malala , did not survive to tell the tale : benazir bhutto , the former prime minister of pakistan .
the hot metal straightener slid easily through the hair , causing less damage and dryness than previously-used techniques .
the extratropical remnants tracked up the east coast of the united states , and was absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone on june 5 .
the chain , which has 430 branches around the uk and is particularly popular with families , makes an estimated £1m a year from the practice , according to the union unite .
food is an important reason why el puerto de santa maria attracts hundreds of tourists .
unable to use his british-made bicycle or even a french car after discovering the only affordable peugeot , renault and citroën models are mostly made overseas , he invested in a fug-emitting orange mobylette moped .
lost love ’ s douville , though , feels the ban to be a great business opportunity .
photos uploaded to instagram trigger a wave of comments and snapchat ’ s pictures , which self-delete after ten seconds , have opened a world of other possibilities .
glastonbury festival is to combat the scourge of the plastic water bottle as part of a long- term strategy to become the world ’ s most environmentally friendly outdoor music event .
cameron added : “ the people of scotland have spoken and it is a clear result .
so what might it take to stop trump ?
the anniversary of the death of the man from stratford , the most famous and the most performed playwright in the world , will be marked across britain and the globe .
it is often useful to avoid words with strong connotations -lrb- especially disparaging ones -rrb- when striving to achieve a neutral point of view .
a study led by one of the uk ’ s leading experts on children ’ s physical activity has found that school pupils born in those months are fitter than everyone else in their class .
in a report for the harvard kennedy school of government , sands argued it was time to get rid of high-value notes that make life easier for “ bad guys ” pursuing tax evasion , financial crime , terrorist finance and corruption .
“ military ships are quite a bit quieter and there could be straightforward ways of transferring that technology to the commercial fleet .
another participant made frequent calls to a local gun supplier that specialized in semi- automatic rifles and later placed a number of long calls to the customer support hotline run by a major gun manufacturer that produced the rifles .
i have to work and i am not afraid .
goodfellow says : “ my one big regret is that i never said anything about it until john shepherd-barron received the obe in 2005 .
“ the drugs are toxic and , if you don ’ t have food to eat , they can make you very ill .
low-calorie soft drinks represented half of all soft drinks consumed in 2014 for the first time .
“ brian cox has made astronomy accessible , ” says wise .
rollins retired in 1962 and opted to become a coach .
“ the decisions of the big countries have twice , thrice , four times the impact on the small countries than on developed , large nations .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- matchcover -rrb- enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
it is now broadcast in 250 countries .
our huge overestimates of the rural populations in most countries will be affected by how much of the physical landmass rural areas make up , rather than a careful calculation of how unoccupied it generally is .
the government airline ’ s only plane that can land at ebon is currently undergoing maintenance and is not expected to return to service for several days .
they had .
only four out of mcdonald ’ s 14,000 us restaurants had so far tested “ build your own burger ” , he said , raising questions about how it could be scaled up .
the company points out that thousands of people die each year on the roads and that about 80 % of crashes can be ascribed to human error .
lenzburg transformed into the economic centre of the region in the 19th century .
inzozi nziza was opened by the theatre director odile gakire katese .
the barracks were constructed from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the existing rock on the headland .
the final five – barbara hepworth , charlie chaplin , josiah wedgwood , william hogarth and turner – were selected on the basis of their “ unquestioned ” contribution to both the visual arts and british society as a whole , as well as their enduring influence .
despite her joy at receiving the bottled message , she said that she hoped others would not repeat what her grandfather had done and throw bottles with messages into the sea .
india ’ s wealthiest will quadruple their net worth between now and 2018 , a report says , with hundreds of thousands of new entrepreneurs and inheritors becoming multimillionaires .
zhengzhou is the province 's capital and most populous city .
by 2018 , that total is likely to reach $ 4tn , the report says , making three times as many people multimillionaires .
for his vampire fiction course , that meant 1,000 enrolments and 31 completions .
obama is reported to have phoned boehner to begin negotiation .
the spanish did not manage to conquer the island until 1697 , after several attempts , that begun in 1629 , when they marched in , from corozal in belize , yucatán and alta verapaz , attacked via boats and destroyed it .
between the mountains , along the narrow vestfjord valley , lies the small , but once mighty , town that eyde built in the early years of the last century , to house the workers for his factories .
but , the uk government is now saying it was goodfellow who invented the atm – so it would seem that , after all the squabbling , his place in history is now assured .
china ’ s official xinhua news agency had accused washington of jeopardizing other countries ’ dollar assets .
the genome includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .
moderate flooding was reported in acapulco , resulting in mudslides in some areas .
all the students picked for the test said they would pay to avoid mild electric shocks after receiving a demonstration .
most developing countries are facing climate change now .
“ i don ’ t know what training you have had , ” an editor yelled , “ but has no one ever told you a death toll can ’ t go down ?
i felt that people were looking at me in the wrong way , i began to struggle with loud noises and i suffered from memory loss .
for example , 1.5 & times ; 30 -lrb- which equals 45 -rrb- will show the same result as 1,500,000 & times ; 0.03 -lrb- which equals 45,000 -rrb- .
the film premiered in mexico city on december 21 , 1944 .
during the battle , most of the japanese officers were killed and the japanese had to air-drop 300 officers by parachutes into the battlefield .
officials played down health risks , saying the majority of matches were completed without calls for medical attention .
but , on tuesday 8th april , 2014 , she described the extraordinary moment when she received a message in a bottle , 101 years after he had lobbed it into the baltic sea .
a chart prepared by the nsa , contained within the top-secret document , highlights the breadth of the data it is able to obtain : email , video and voice chat , videos , photos , voice-over-ip ( skype , for example ) chats , file transfers , social networking details and more .
hardy also cites " burn out " and the need for time off as reasons for leaving wwe .
only drivers with an official security clearance can use special fast lanes to avoid the wait .
“ you could use this on buildings so you have to spend much less on air conditioning or maybe you wouldn ’ t need it at all .
until 1943 , von dem bach-zalewski remained the hsspf in command of " anti-partisan " units on the central front , a special command created by adolf hitler .
in shinto worship , the kami are invited to leave takama-ga-hara and enter a shrine or some other purified place .
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .
but that was not all .
who invented the atm as we know it ?
as if pows , fox news and women were not enemies enough , trump has also insulted mexican immigrants to the us , claimed that a black lives matter protester who was violently ejected from a rally deserved to be “ roughed up ” , appeared to mock a new york times journalist for his disability and falsely accused muslim americans of cheering on the 9/11 attackers .
in the early afternoon around 1:00 , the crowd broke into the undefended outer courtyard and the chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard were cut .
filmography in 1996 , barker played himself in the adam sandler comedy happy gilmore .
the couple ’ s lawyer , aurélien hamelle , had told the paris court it was necessary to block the “ highly intimate ” images of the duchess without her bikini top as she was a “ young woman , not an object ” .
the republican party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the united states , along with the democratic party .
muslims performing i ' tikaf are required to stay within the mosque for ten consecutive days , often in worship or learning about islam .
i am not going to protest. ” when the anc was banned in 1960 , mandela went underground .
in his book " russia at war 1941 to 1945 " , alexander werth reported that while visiting gdansk / danzig in 1945 shortly after its liberation by the red army , he saw an experimental factory outside the city for making soap from human corpses .
electric bikes are different from motorcycles or mopeds , which rely on motorized power ; they are bicycles that can be pedalled with – or without – assistance from an electric motor .
each month , sullivan ’ s members choose from a list of seven possible gifts ( chocolate , tea sets , manicures ) .
the website atminventor.com concludes : “ who invented the idea of an atm ?
he was chasing five different records : the first human to ever break the sound barrier in free- fall ; the highest free-fall altitude jump ; the highest manned balloon flight ; the longest free-fall ; and his jump platform is believed to be the largest manned balloon in history .
“ i always loved this island , even when i was young .
current awards are voted upon by the membership of the golden raspberry award foundation -lrb- graf -rrb- , and membership is openly available to the public , as opposed to the academy awards .
the who front man , roger daltrey , recently said it was “ weird ” that people did not have their mind on the show when they had gone to a performance and were concentrating on staring at the screen rather than the artist on stage .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
in the tomb of the cybermen -lrb- 1967 -rrb- , veins and brains were visible through the domed head of the cyberman controller and similarly , in attack of the cybermen -lrb- 1985 -rrb- and " the age of steel " -lrb- 2006 -rrb- , the cyber-controller 's brain is visible through the dome .
other data pointed to a new pregnancy and a person with multiple sclerosis .
his friends are still on bbm – the four phone thefts at his school so far this term were all blackberrys .
but the war is far from over as french prosecutors must now decide if criminal proceedings are to be brought against the magazine editor and the photographer or photographers responsible for taking pictures of the duchess sunbathing topless while on holiday in the south of france .
at the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that the establishment of thalamocortical connections -lrb- at about 26 weeks -rrb- is a critical event with regard to fetal perception of pain .
numerous studies show that you ’ re more likely to sleep poorly if you ’ re poor .
rodri , 37 , london : 'around 50 % of a waiter ’ s income is tips ' average tips : £60 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... the us everything has got fairer since the tipping scandal was exposed in the summer of 2015 .
“ to do this properly , the rights of preservation might need to be incorporated into our thinking about things like copyright and patents and licensing .
neame is now an ambassador for the great britain campaign , which is backed by government departments and the british council , using it to promote the uk around the world .
suddenly aware of doñana ’ s status as the nation ’ s most important natural site , spain decided to spend a further €360m , some of it eu money , on restoring the landscape , which , in the 1950s and 60s , had been drained in places to create rice and cotton fields .
and , seen against the town ’ s 650m krone annual budget , he points out , 1m krone really wasn ’ t very much to pay for something that “ gives us a far , far better chance of raising the money we need for better schools and more nursing care .
neither , however , described god as appearing in three modes .
she ’ s been timing the progression of the queue on her phone … and is that a tiny camera lens peeking out from her purse ?
in his comment piece he writes : “ i am passionate about pushing the boundaries of scientific endeavour and that is why the ambitiousness of the mars one plan appealed to me .
there has been a lot of scepticism in the scientific and legal communities about its reliability .
the only rules were they had to stay seated and not fall asleep .
in medieval england , the territories of lancashire and cornwall were made duchies , with certain powers accruing to their dukes .
the report argues that if the inequalities that affect the poorest people – such as access to land , labour markets and the power relationships between men and women – are addressed , this would tackle two goals at the same time : reducing chronic poverty and inequality .
pgmol ’ s chief , mike riley , was in attendance , along with steve dunn , who is the coach for this level , armed with notes and stopwatch to catalogue every significant move the officials make .
the prince hotel in tokyo was forced to come clean after a diner complained in a blogpost that a 'scallop ' dish he had ordered contained a similar , but cheaper , type of shellfish .
amid the disillusionment with his presidency and the tough economic conditions , his campaign team decided it was inappropriate .
sales rose by 11 % to more than three times the figure six years before .
while smaller towns to the east , including gundowring and kergunyah , remained under threat , the cfa said that there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of beechworth and yackandandah on the northern fringe of the fire area .
worst part of the job : for paudel , it ’ s seeing people struggling to survive on very little income .
how much less depends on the type of raid .
the network has now lost nearly 2m visitors in the uk since december , according to research firm nielsen , with its 27m total flat on a year before .
at first the aroma is apple like and pleasant but it becomes peculiarly musky when overripe .
the majority ( 68 % ) choose five-star hotels overseas .
hurricane lane was the strongest pacific hurricane to make landfall in mexico since hurricane kenna of 2002 .
although it has an orbit similar to the flora family asteroids , 298 baptistina was found to be an unrelated interloper .
an indoor smoking ban here will have consequences as unique as new orleans ’ s cultural ecosystem itself .
french troops land at kilcummin in county mayo to assist the irish rebellion .
these people , if they had an alternative , they wouldn ’ t be asking for help .
the national coat of arms of denmark consists of three crowned blue lions accompanied by nine red hearts , all in a golden shield .
anyone can do it , ” says emma henriksson , 22 , a group member who works in a garden equipment company .
he plays golf at county level and he admits that , instead of saving , he spends his spare cash on golf and holidays .
but it is a vision that many of the existing residents seem unlikely to be able to afford .
riley , as a young referee , went out and bought himself books on psychology and nutrition as there was no information on offer to him at all .
he had been driving into doolin when he saw what was happening on the pier .
he resumed his post in july , with no apparent reduction in his ruthlessness .
while the vast majority of demonstrations in rio were peaceful , several police were injured in clashes at the city ’ s legislative assembly , at least one car was overturned and burned , and windows were smashed in the offices of banks and notary offices .
cameron and the queen will both move to calm tensions when they deliver statements on the result .
tiger bones are in high demand for use in traditional chinese medicines. ” the trade in tiger parts is lucrative and fetches thousands of dollars in illegal markets , ” chapagain said , highlighting the threat tigers face .
oil would not provide many jobs ; people would flood in looking for work , ” he said .
overall , an estimated 13 billion plastic water bottles are sold in the uk every year , yet just one in five is said to be recycled .
“ first we noticed the wind , and then the room was filled with a very bright light and we could see a cloud of some unspecified smoke in the sky , ” she said .
pointing to his sizable frame , he laughed as he added : “ but , looking at my condition , i don ’ t think fasting will hurt me. ” as the end of ramadan draws near for muslims around the world , much of the holy month ’ s focus on community work , prayer and reflection has been a constant in communities around the world .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
the static charges remain on an object until they either bleed off to ground or are quickly neutralized by a discharge .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
users are also switching off in canada , spain , france , germany and japan , where facebook has some of its biggest followings .
“ the hunters claim wolves are a pest and that there are 4,000 of them in poland , which is a spurious figure based on an unscientific count .
mustafa nayyem , the ukraine activist , posted : “ if you really want to do something , don ’ t just 'like ' this post .
instead , he suggests “ a blended approach that combines a campus experience with a mooc ; also , perhaps , using moocs to create a global degree , with students taking courses from across the world , might be possible. ” but that ’ s a little way into the future : for now , no prospective employer will care much if you come waving your mooc completion certificate , without any quality assurance on either the course content or its assessment standards .
new orleans is known as 'the city that care forgot ' , ” she says .
it has been a costly but encouraging process .
werner heisenberg -lrb- 5 december 1901 – 1 february 1976 -rrb- was a german theoretical physicist who made foundational contributions to quantum mechanics and is best known for asserting the uncertainty principle of quantum theory .
it provided a variety of music , from pop-punk , surf rock , and ska , to an acoustic ballad .
for the album black tie white noise ( 1993 ) , he sprinkled elements of soul , electronica and hip hop into the mix .
he had further r & b hits with blues numbers including how blue can you get and paying the cost to be the boss , and , in 1969 , he hit the upper reaches of the pop charts – where no blues artist had been for many years – with the thrill is gone .
we didn ’ t see it coming but , suddenly , the donations just started. ” the boost is an enormous help to a small charity looking after sufferers of a debilitating , little- understood disease that has no cure and kills five people a day in the uk .
the experimental technology splices dna from luminescent marine bacteria with the chloroplast genome of a plant to create a jellyfish-type glow .
their efforts have been vindicated .
“ i spoke to an old lady who walks past the bench every day where she had her first kiss , ” says walldin .
one crater was more than six metres wide , while another lump of meteorite was reported to have slammed through the thick ice of a nearby lake .
she has a three-octave vocal range accessed august 5 , 2008 and a distinctively rapid vibrato .
but google ’ s mission to map the world has largely steered clear of the inhospitable arctic .
its procedure was marked by the coroner ’ s decision not to take evidence of what happened after 3.15pm on the day of the disaster , thereby excluding an emergency response the panel found to have been chaotic .
culture attractions in nouakchott include nouakchott museum , several markets including nouakchott silver market , and the beaches .
the term was retroactively coined in contrast to reduced instruction set computer -lrb- risc -rrb- .
the retreat , and in some cases disappearance , of glaciers in the everest region are having a major impact already .
heath lodge , the scene of the 1984 murder , by silver bullet , of fashion tycoon aristos constantinou , is worth £13m today , after having been sold in the late 1970s for £400,000 .
this period is known as the edo period and gets its name from the capital city , edo , which now is called tokyo .
suneel singh , a guru in south delhi , agreed that yoga did not belong to any one religion : “ is t ’ ai chi just chinese ?
current stations most stations are named for the nearest major road crossed by the line in question .
the first three repetitions will feel easy but the last two will feel impossibly hard .
researchers have attributed this , in part , to the stress of discrimination .
music storage and marketing digital audio files can be transported from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible media player -lrb- with caveats for drm-locked files -rrb- .
unexpectedly , the german wehrmacht officers tended to him and sent him to a hospital .
on july 17 2006 , the keck-10m ii telescope and its laser guide star adaptive optics -lrb- ao -rrb- system indicated a bilobated shape for hektor .
there are 1,001 hazards that would make his survival for so long very unlikely .
all this trying to understand mother nature helps us with our models and with understanding radioactive decay .
the mirror technology it uses is less widespread and more expensive than the photovoltaic panels that are now familiar on roofs the world over but it will have the advantage of being able to continue producing power even after the sun goes down .
grime is a genre of urban music which first emerged in east london , england in the early 2000s , primarily a development of uk garage , dancehall , and hip hop .
he said he would maintain the privacy of the collector who put it up for sale .
“ the broadcasting revenue from the london olympics was almost enough to finance a mission to mars , ” lansdorp said , in an interview with abc news .
he spends his lift rides and spare moments at work reading news articles and books rather than scrolling through a newsfeed .
in one case that has caught the attention of police , two men walked into a bank and tried to deposit €200,000 of torn and muddy €500 notes .
and , so we don ’ t forget it , advertisers wallpaper our cities and highways with banks of billboards .
' ” this came after two parents claimed yoga in schools promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity .
it ’ s like saying : 'why can ’ t you control your heartbeat ?
he was the son of the reverend martin luther king , sr. and alberta williams king .
ecw background after world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- bought all of extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- 's assets in 2003 , the company began releasing dvds promoting the original ecw .
the duke of cambridge was present for the birth. ” the duchess experienced at least ten and a half hours ’ labour , which kensington palace said had “ progressed as normal ” .
profits from three products – a mug , gift tag and card – will go to the charity .
though adored first and foremost as a pop idol with a strong message and some catchy tunes , her backers project her as a cultural bridge between the predominantly black and mixed-race shanty towns on rio ’ s hillsides and the wealthier and whiter communities below .
it found that in total the 3,000 winners have purchased 7,958 houses or flats in the uk , or 2.7 each , spending £3.3bn .
it is often they who are charged with doing the street dealing or even the stabbing , he says .
after a single session in 1949 for a nashville label , king began recording for the west coast-based modern records in 1950 .
you should also have a very good analytical mind and enjoy solving difficult problems .
“ for years , people have been wondering how the different strands would play out .
if a member of the team gets off early , they will rarely see their tips because they are shared out just before the pub closes .
“ a hot world is a hungry world .
fifa is also investigating security lapses that allowed chilean fans to let off fireworks during their victory over australia .
“ if people are genuinely fascinated by learning , then why not ?
if we are to avoid a return to the pre-antibiotic time with all its excess mortality , we must be bold .
originally it was a part of the earldom of bentheim , before it became independent in 1454 .
it would be more accurate to call them “ scum houses ” than scum villages , says boer , “ because we don ’ t want to put more than one of these families in the same area ” .
the us was the favoured destination for 27 % , followed by the caribbean ( 9 % ) .
“ you have to know what size and shape the mixing pit needs to be , how to create the optimum temperature for digestion and where to situate the biogas plant , ” says baburam paudel , chief technical ofﬁcer in nepal for the charity renewable world .
it also finds that a large proportion of murders of women – 38 % – are carried out by intimate partners .
“ it shows that any country that has had enough of the war on drugs can change the terms of its engagement with the un conventions. ” however , the un ’ s international narcotics control board ( incb ) , which monitors implementation of the global drug treaties , has accused bolivia of threatening the integrity of the international drug control regime .
he ’ s keen to point out that this isn ’ t just about baby farming : “ i want this to be about children and love .
presents such as silver plates , dried fruit or sweets once sent with wedding invitations are being replaced by gifts by top western designer brands .
lisa gerrard -lrb- born april 12 , 1961 -rrb- is an australian musician , singer and composer who rose to prominence as part of the music group dead can dance with former music partner brendan perry .
there isn ’ t much out there that looks like it is forming the next generation of heritage artists .
others have been affected by the massacre in different ways .
links with poverty and crime those who are functionally illiterate may be subject to social intimidation , health risks , stress , low income , and other pitfalls associated with their reading and writing deficits .
it is a glorious , vibrant landscape .
in early 2003 , she released her fourth album titled , " to be continued ... " which was also met with commercial success .
the “ expensive ” tag was unjustified , said mary chapman at technomic .
it used the agency which has created john lewis ’ s christmas ads for years .
the company , mars one , plans to send four astronauts on a trip to the red planet to set up a human colony in 2023 .
i ’ ve already done my work , ” he said .
it took us about a week to really figure each other out , ” axani said .
the walls ’ external fabric includes a “ bio-skin ” of hollow grass panels on which the algae photosynthesizes and grows .
he adds : “ there are some pretty gruesome pet foods out there and , although i don ’ t taste them , the smell is enough to turn the stomach when i do a bit of market research. ” job satisfaction : “ no two days are ever the same. ” it ’ s rewarding , wells says , that a project he has worked on will “ help pets to become happier and healthier ” .
in june 2008 , it was announced that a further four-year deal would commence for the 2010/11 season , with the deal worth £ 125m .
“ for me , choosing the conservation option is the best option .
the medal was first awarded in 1902 to j. j. thomson " for his numerous contributions to electric science , especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases " , and has since been awarded 105 times .
solutions to combat climate change are often perceived as hi-tech innovations focused on cutting emissions , creating infrastructure or efficiency .
breaking dawn is the fourth and final novel in the twilight series by stephenie meyer .
it was also during his tenure in westminster that pope john paul ii made a groundbreaking visit to england .
in other countries , there have long been much higher levels of support and acceptance of the benefits of organic food and farming .
hoxton analytics , a london-based team of data scientists , has developed a technology that makes use of machine learning and artificial intelligence to categorize people based on the shoes they are wearing .
“ it ’ s a dystopian choice , ” says krister lindstedt of white , the stockholm-based architects firm charged with the biblical task of moving this city of 23,000 people away from a gigantic iron-ore mine that is fast gobbling up the ground beneath its streets .
and , most rock bands built a reputation on a body of work – they might take three albums to really hone their art , to become great , but young people don ’ t want that .
you can ’ t say 'i have a ton of money . '
drones , he said , are “ one or two orders of magnitude away ” from that benchmark .
its councillors say that they will fight the tax rise , although none can say how .
“ but i think mystery shopping companies that pay you a nominal fee to travel to a restaurant and eat a meal are exploiting people .
“ i like school , ” he says .
japan ’ s working culture , abe said recently , “ falsely beatifies long hours ” .
it is caught , smoked and then sold widely in markets around the lake .
and that ’ s fine .
she was the top scorer for 12 seasons in italy ’ s serie a and played for italy in 153 internationals .
1 passing clouds one of the pleasures of flying is seeing clouds close up .
the type consumed differs , too : the wealthy almost exclusively eat the more expensive magna and white teff varieties ; less well-off consumers tend to eat less-valuable red and mixed teff , and more than half combine it with cheaper cereals such as sorghum and maize .
there is so much interesting science in this one image alone. ” pluto is thought to be composed of about two thirds rock encased in a lot of ice , with surface temperatures of about minus 230c .
the second test involved a lost wallet containing £5 .
since then , the only security threat has been petty theft and overexcited fans .
marant is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
the last things to go were the computer , replaced by a qooq , a recipe tablet that connects – slowly – to the internet and the iphone , swapped for an old sagem mobile .
they need space .
“ i don ’ t think it ’ s healthy to discount your problems .
van otterdijk says there has been a “ very encouraging , unexpected , continuing interest ” in the subject of food waste , enabling grass-roots campaigns around the world to gain momentum .
oberg admitted to being puzzled by the unexpected dip , but expressed optimism that the reason was to do with how his prisons are run .
connected via bluetooth to your phone , it will focus on real- time visual and audio sharing .
if the initial surge of enthusiasm for bond movies lasted through the 60s and into the 1970s , it ’ s fair to say that the series almost ground to a halt after licence to kill ’ s poor figures .
the big gains in china are unlikely to be matched by similar progress elsewhere , while climate-related shocks and deep poverty in parts of sub-saharan africa will slow momentum .
they have also proposed a “ kiruna portal ” , a kind of mass salvage yard , where materials from the doomed homes can be brought and hopefully recycled in the construction of the new buildings – although , given that sweden has no tradition of self-build , it ’ s hard to see this taking off .
“ we also have terrific public transport , with the underground working 24 hours at weekends , and it only costs €1 per trip. ” vienna benefited enormously from the fall of the berlin wall , becoming the gateway to eastern european countries that often have historic ties to the former austro-hungarian empire .
“ as drugs go , it is the worst .
his baptism followed on may 3 in the river lark , at isleham .
scientists measure the sensitivity of the earth ’ s climate to greenhouse gases by estimating the temperature rise that would be caused by a doubling of co in the atmosphere compared with pre-industrial levels – as is likely to happen within 50 years , on current trends .
months pass , and tod and copper reach adulthood .
he came up with a groundbreaking invention that generated billions of pounds “ and i got nothing , so who ’ s going to want to follow in james goodfellow ’ s footsteps and get £10 if they have a fantastic success ? ” there have been arguments for years over who should officially go down in history as “ the inventor of the atm ” and , in 2005 , a man called john shepherd-barron received a uk honour for services to banking as the “ inventor of the automatic cash dispenser ” .
and , it was a liberation. ” future library creator , paterson , whose past works have involved her mapping dead stars and compiling a slide archive of the history of darkness through the ages , asked the writers to tackle “ the theme of imagination and time , which they can take in so many directions ” .
the color has been speculated to be due to organic compounds on its surface .
william telephoned his family to tell them the good news , speaking to the queen , his father , charles and younger brother , prince harry .
it is 78 % nitrogen and 21 % oxygen , with trace amounts of water vapor , carbon dioxide and other gaseous molecules .
it must report back within 90 days .
eventually 58 of her 77 published works first appeared in the journal 's pages .
it drifted westward , and the next day it organized into a subtropical depression .
slave labour , a spray-painted artwork depicting a child making union flag bunting and seen as a critical social commentary on last year ’ s diamond jubilee , was expected to sell for about $ 700,000 in a sale of street and contemporary art in florida .
he met his wife , dancer michelle mcsween , when the pair starred in the stage musical oh , what a night in 1999 .
the battle began a seven-year war which established the rhine as the boundary of the roman empire for the next four hundred years , until the decline of the roman influence in the west .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
things are hard . '
the outcome can be anything from repeated bumping to sudden , dramatic plunges .
he is survived by iman , their daughter , alexandria , his stepdaughter , zulekha , and his son , duncan , from his first marriage .
“ that ’ s worrying because their prey , chinook salmon , is already quite scarce .
i say well done to president michy .
it was a very surreal experience , ” he says .
the ways in which millennial children contact each other and consume entertainment are so different from previous generations that forecasters now consider their preferences a better indication of the future than those of trendsetting young adults .
the film , released in february , took more than $ 250m in the us and £31m in the uk by the first weekend in april .
ultimately , mckinlay believes , it ’ s essential that humans remain able to take control of their navigation .
i think the manager kept his cards close to his chest .
“ new horizons is a true mission of exploration , showing us why basic scientific research is so important , ” said john grunsfeld , associate administrator for nasa ’ s science mission directorate .
for many years , we have been running programmes to help those addicted to drugs .
established in 1892/93 , the sheffield shield is the premier domestic first class cricket competition in australia .
he even envisioned centralized air conditioning that could cool entire cities .
the international monetary fund ( imf ) has appealed to washington to sort out its finances after the us pulled back from the brink of a debt default and hundreds of thousands of federal employees returned to work after a 16-day government shutdown .
the study examined social and economic conditions , health , education , housing and the environment , and is used by big companies to assess where they should locate and how much they should pay staff .
the park ( ing ) project kicked off as an arts experiment in san francisco and has since spread across the world .
uk sport could not say if a disproportionately high number of the 1,300 athletes across 47 sports it funds were born in november and october .
the golden gloves are open to all non-professional pugilists age 16 and over .
the beatles famously included his face on the cover of sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band -lrb- guy and llewelyn-jones 2004 , 111 -rrb- .
the general rule is that eating directly before sport is not the best idea , let alone part way through .
his work driving forward the development of products that are both functional and elegant has earned him a devoted following .
but , the extent of a change in tastes over the generations has been captured in a dataset published recently in the national food survey , which was set up in 1940 by the government after concerns about health and access to food .
the distance between the tip of the mouthpiece and the tip of the reed is known as the tip opening .
agriculture locals grow seasonal crops such as maize -lrb- makai -rrb- and wheat -lrb- kanak -rrb- .
“ my head is no clearer now than when i first heard the news , ” he said .
they predict that noise pollution is growing faster than the us population and more than doubles every 30 years .
it was not detected again until the hubble space telescope observed it in 1997 .
it challenges countries in every part of the world to raise their sights as to what is possible . ”
in 2004 , roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in nhl history by a panel of 41 writers , coupled with a simultaneous fan poll .
to be able to dispose of the bombs safely , you ’ ll also need an explosive ordnance disposal qualification and years of experience .
it ’ s a big thing for them , even if it is a bit strange to spend so much on a stadium with no one to play in it .
so we used edmonton time. ” at times , it can be psychologically challenging to follow the clock rather than what is happening outside , alkhalaf said .
according to the iea ’ s medium-term coal market report the world will burn 1.2bn more tonnes of coal per year by 2017 compared with today – the equivalent of the current coal consumption of russia and the us combined .
furthermore , “ you can ’ t do everything with a 25kg aircraft ” , said jay mcconville , director of business development for unmanned systems at defence and business contractor lockheed martin mst .
he returns in the 2007 series of doctor who , reuniting with the tenth incarnation of the doctor , and returned again for the 2008 series .
in some videos , the woman may demand that her " straight " husband or boyfriend perform sex acts with the other man as " punishment " for infidelity -lrb- see cuckold -rrb- .
the most wasted meat , by both percentage and weight , is poultry , of which 13 % of all edible parts ( not including bones ) is wasted and the most wasted fruit by percentage is melon , with the equivalent of more than a quarter of each melon thrown in the bin .
recently , however , eyde ’ s statue has gazed out upon a sight that even he might have found startling .
he can still appreciate the benefits that come with having social media accounts , like when he met his girlfriend ’ s friends for the first time and realized “ humanizing 20 people you ’ re meeting at a party ” is much easier if you can connect their faces , hometowns and jobs to a photo later on .
“ we took a step back and asked whether it ’ s possible that instead of the midlife crisis being human-specific , and driven only by social factors , it reflects some evolved tendency for middle-aged individuals to have lower well-being , ” he said .
they also have a lower quality of sleep .
“ we ’ ve brought what was previously a blurred point of light into focus , ” said dwayne brown , nasa spokesman , as scientists and journalists waited for the image to be unveiled .
while sweden ’ s top ranking – followed by norway , germany , the netherlands and canada – may be predictable , the global agewatch index throws up some surprising results .
asked after the jump what he wanted to do next , baumgartner said : “ i want to inspire a generation .
the last time she took to the stage , the prototype of the mobile phone was undergoing its first trials .
so there is going to be a real focus on transforming starbucks into those services that are being cut by the government … [ such as ] refuges and crèches .
more than 54 % of people under 25 are out of work .
the women are outnumbered around ten to one by men in the calais encampment and most feel uncomfortable attending classes with male students they don ’ t know , the volunteers say .
it ’ s not news to us .
we all agree that a woman at the head of a group of men is no bad thing. ” the new manager of clermont foot 63 , whose average home crowd at the stadium at clermont- ferrand in the auvergne region of south-central france is around 3,800 , is a former talent spotter for the scottish premiership side celtic .
some people were draped in south african flags and the green , yellow and black colours of mandela ’ s party , the african national congress ( anc ) .
the bronx , with its diverse neighbourhoods and stations , had the greatest diversity of bacteria ; staten island , with just three stops , had the lowest .
in developed countries , consumers and retailers throw away between 30 % and 40 % of all food purchased , whereas in poorer countries only 5 % to 16 % of food is thrown away .
despite the apparent british love of tea , consumption has more than halved since the 1970s , falling from 68g of tea per person per week to only 25g .
a bulldog , also known as british bulldog or english bulldog , is a breed of dog which traces its ancestry to england .
in further experiments , the rats collaborated on a task that required them to distinguish between narrow and wide openings using their whiskers .
either way , artemis was born first and then assisted with the birth of apollo .
the scientists only scanned five men and two women , however .
i wonder what it would be like if i didn ’ t spend these seconds here and spent them doing something else .
relatives are to have a “ clear right of objection ” , giving them the chance to show that the deceased would not have wanted to be an organ donor .
2 .
“ there are some people who will not or can not change .
“ prices have indeed gone up but they haven ’ t gone up as quickly as the rest of the fast-service chains in the us. ” prices at mcdonald ’ s have increased by 4.8 % since 2009 , well below the “ quick service ” sector average ( up 19.4 % ) , while the cost of “ fast casual ” eating , a category that includes the much-hyped chipotle , is up 16.9 % , according to technomic ’ s menu monitor .
it is located near the cities of lille and tourcoing and the belgian border .
when he was growing up , japanese technology ruled the world : the sony walkman was the iphone of its day .
basford ’ s intricately drawn pictures of flora and fauna in secret garden have sold 1.4 million copies worldwide to date , with the newly released follow-up enchanted forest selling just under 226,000 copies already .
the komodo dragon -lrb- varanus komodoensis -rrb- is a venomous species of lizard that inhabits the islands of komodo , rinca , flores , and gili motang in indonesia .
by september 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile -lrb- 1115 km -rrb- was evident on satellite imagery , well to the southeast of the cape verde islands , and several hurricane forecast models anticipated development and strengthening .
they ’ re all very cold – it ’ s like a cosmic deep freeze .
king was twice married and twice divorced .
3 facebook has created millions of jobs – but not in its own offices facebook has essentially created an entire sector , including indirect employment for people whose job it is to make the platform work for their brand .
their unusual size is attributed to island gigantism , since there are no other carnivorous animals to fill the niche on the islands where they live , and also to the komodo dragon 's low metabolic rate .
he was always ready to praise the musicians who had influenced him and would usually mention t-bone walker first .
a dogfight , or dog fight , is aerial combat between fighter aircraft .
longstanding uncut campaigner anna walker said “ we ’ ve chosen to really highlight the impact of the cuts on women .
graham says it is priceless .
i can share it and i am doing so. ” kcho ’ s real name is alexis leiva machado .
some commentators notice a connection between the character michael k and the protagonist josef k. in the trial by franz kafka .
“ navigation is a use-it-or-lose-it skill , ” he wrote .
browning said : “ this research backs up what people think about organic food .
“ traffic was already bad but this week it is chaotic , ” jecilda mello , president of residents ’ group the association of friends of the historic centre , told the paper .
throughout the seemingly endless intervening months , andersen says , “ we ’ d look up and see blue sky above , and the sun high on the mountain slopes , but the only way we could get to it was to go out of town .
“ children who don ’ t pay rent may contribute in other ways like buying groceries , family takeaways or doing odd jobs around the home. ” angus hanton , co-founder of a thinktank called the intergenerational foundation , said older generations were “ the architects of the housing crisis ” and children should not be blamed for staying at home .
attitudes have also changed .
this water then fills the city ’ s foundations and bubbles up through drains and pipes , forcing sewage upwards and polluting its fresh water .
under adams , sinn féin appeared to move away from being a political voice of the provisional ira to becoming a professionally organised political party in both northern ireland and the republic of ireland .
but , now that we ’ re here , it ’ s great , ” said brian hill , a retired chief executive from sunderland .
and they want to go and gain work experience abroad ; life experience , too .
shareholders will be particularly keen to learn how fast facebook ’ s mobile user base is growing , and whether advertising revenues are increasing at the same rate .
lynch said that eight individuals , five of them unnamed in the original indictment , had come forward with guilty pleas since may .
after all , a bad decision can stick with you for a while .
i ’ ve heard of restaurants not paying their chefs a share of the tronc ( a payment arrangement used to distribute tips ) .
as the new millennium began , stallone starred in the thriller get carter — a remake of the 1971 british michael caine film of the same name — but the film was poorly received by both critics and audiences .
rajagopalan , a student at boston college , doesn ’ t see any drawbacks to abstaining from social media .
george w bush , benedict cumberbatch and stephen hawking have taken part .
white is the image of the rich , the nice , the successful , the good , while people see black as the opposite of all that. ” born larissa de macedo machado , the diva-to-be was a church chorister in her childhood .
it ’ s unlikely that a forest fire will ever destroy an entire city but a succession of fires could render it uninhabitable – and abandonment remains one of the most powerful causes of urban collapse .
located in the constitution gardens , the reflecting pool is approximately 2,029 feet -lrb- 618 m -rrb- long and 167 feet -lrb- 51 m -rrb- wide .
“ the virtopsy has the potential to replace the autopsy one day , ” richard dirndorfer , one of the pioneers of dna analysis in criminology , and a founder developer of virtopsy , told the german science magazine pm .
ever since he was diagnosed hiv positive , moses king , 48 , has had one major problem .
one of the research team , ross anderson , professor of security engineering at cambridge university , said : “ decades of deception research show that the interviewer will tell truth from lies only slightly better than random , about 55 out of 100 .
cricket pitches the chain also survives as the length of a cricket pitch .
it was designed to be easier to use than other 3d cad programs .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
increasing prosperity in asia has pushed up prices for tiger skins and the body parts used in traditional chinese medicines .
“ i ’ m proud ; i think i ’ ve been true to myself during this process. ” but he added : “ don ’ t give up and succumb to cynics if , after five years , poverty hasn ’ t been eradicated … it ’ s ok. dr martin luther king says the arc of the moral universe is long but bends towards justice. ” questioned on the controversial transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) , he said : “ the answer to globalization is not to pull up the drawbridge and shut off , ” though it was crucial to pay attention to workers ’ rights .
the prime minister wants to move fast to show that the three main uk party leaders will live up to their commitments made during the referendum campaign to deliver what the former prime minister gordon brown called “ home rule ” within the uk .
but i was in her territory and she ’ s a wild , unpredictable animal .
spending a third of your life unconscious won ’ t be a luxury anymore ; it ’ ll be something only the poor will be forced to do .
mark stokes , a neuroscientist at oxford university , said the experiments were a “ tour de force ” but that it was important to put them into perspective .
mourning notices for two of the 15 victims – muhammad al-sufi and manal al-tahan – are stuck to the wall opposite .
if we consider that , in german , for example , which belongs to the same indo-european language family as english , 2.30pm becomes halb drei ( half of three ) and 21 becomes einundzwanzig ( one and twenty ) , clearly different numeral systems can cause confusion and that ’ s without even considering indigenous languages with numeral systems so rare they are in danger of dying out .
in 1953 , the family moved to kent , where david showed aptitude in singing and playing the recorder .
the move , to be debated in the current parliamentary session , comes after companies started encouraging employees to nap on the job to improve their performance .
in the original plan the aim was to get to eight , but some only lasted six or seven. ” as one commenter on the popular exercise forum t-nation puts it : “ when done correctly you should meet god .
all of the simple approaches to the problem have been exhausted .
it is the 9th most populous city of sweden .
pullman , writer of the his dark materials trilogy , says authors and musicians work in poverty and obscurity for years to bring their work to the level “ that gives delight to their audiences and , as soon as they achieve that , the possibility of making a living from it is taken away from them ” .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- bytes is referenced as 1 mb -lrb- megabyte -rrb- instead of 1 mib .
there will undoubtedly be victims of colonial torture from malaya to the yemen , from cyprus to palestine , who will be reading this judgment with great care. ” among those who are known to have been watching the case closely are a number of veterans of the eoka insurgency in cyprus in the 1950s .
there ’ s already a website dedicated to people wearing them looking either ridiculous or smug or , more often , both .
but just over two years into the syrian crisis – the longest and bloodiest of the arab uprisings – ignoring the sound of death and destruction nearby has become the new normal for damascenes .
power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work .
the purchase usually has to be related to a service or a type of product that the retailer wants her to check .
he said he would attend a third questioning session soon upon his return to israel " .
mumsnet has been “ an absolute godsend ” for maddy matthews , 19 , a student with a two-month-old daughter .
lamborghini ’ s chief executive , stephan winkelmann , admitted , in 2013 , that the traffic and roads in india “ are not so suitable ” for the $ 450,000 sports cars .
india ’ s appalling infrastructure restricts demand , however .
terrorists have seized control of las vegas to instill widespread panic in both the public as well as law enforcement agencies , such as the national security agency , north atlantic treaty organization , rainbow , as well as the local swat .
acea ’ s draft regulation would have covered fewer pollutants and further delayed the regulation ’ s phased introduction until 2020 .
third in line to the throne , the baby is destined to be the 43rd monarch since william the conqueror obtained the english crown in 1066 .
researchers at yale have studied the brain chemical oxytocin as a potential treatment for the social impairments caused by autism because it plays a crucial role in bonding and trust .
she is particularly frustrated by the depiction of migrants in the media and by politicians who have never visited the camp , most recently david cameron , the british prime minister , who in a much criticized speech talked about “ swarms ” of people trying to reach the uk .
and i wish i was with you. ” seventeen years after the pioneering astronomer set out his hopeful vision of the future in 1996 , a company from the netherlands is proposing to turn sagan ’ s dreams of reaching mars into reality .
emerging from st peter ’ s basilica , julia rochester , from london , who described herself as a lapsed catholic , was still turning over the implications of the pope ’ s resignation .
the new house , which will be formed in january , will look much like the existing one , which has a huge republican majority .
“ in south america , china , countries in africa , there is a huge appetite for learning and some of the world ’ s best courses are being offered online , ” adds sharples .
it is adjacent to lord wandsworth college .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
bacterial resistance in hospitals is everywhere you look .
“ if it works in the rest of europe , there ’ s absolutely no reason why it can ’ t work in the uk , ” he said , pointing out that bears and wolves are found within an hour of rome .
add in the environmental effect of all those body wash bottles and you ’ ve got yourself a handful of very compelling reasons to let your body go au naturel .
for a couple of days , he thought about a dog-sharing pitch : “ i see all these rich guys looking just miserable walking dogs and i realized : a dog is only valuable 5 % of the time , ” he said .
today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
in 1997 he was forced to leave his home after it was flooded by the water of the reservoir .
bears are the most abundant large carnivore in europe , with around 17,000 individuals , alongside 12,000 wolves , 9,000 eurasian lynx and 1,250 wolverines , which are restricted to northern parts of scandinavia and finland .
i loved that sound but just couldn ’ t do it. ” he was similarly self-deprecating about his singing , a sumptuous blend of honey and lemon , mixed half-and-half from crooners such as nat king cole and blues shouters such as joe turner and dr clayton .
unlike many studies that looked at brain activity when an isolated word or sentence was spoken , gallant ’ s team had shed light on how the brain worked in a real- world scenario , he said .
“ turner is arguably the single most influential british artist of all time .
in another unusually frank exchange , he aimed biting criticism at the media , especially the sun , the daily mail and the daily telegraph , three of the royal family ’ s most ardent supporters in fleet street .
etymology tirunelveli is also called nellai .
the gang , with gao the alleged ringleader , stands accused of laundering up to €300m a year , as well as selling counterfeit goods and toys with fake safety marks .
if you are reading this page it is possible that this has happened to your rfa .
they must try to find a way home by using plotholes to teleport between dimensional realms .
its inaugural concert took place in tel aviv on december 26 , 1936 , and was conducted by arturo toscanini .
but no feat can possibly have matched his jump above the town of roswell , a suitably chosen place famed for its connections to ufo sightings .
conventional wisdom holds that any one of these outbursts would have sunk most politicians by now .
around 33g of this amount is chips and 56g is meat , with kebabs ( 10g ) , chicken ( 7g ) , burgers ( 5g ) and “ meat-based meals ” ( 32g ) particularly popular .
when damocles was discovered , in 1991 by robert h. mcnaught , it was found to be on an orbit completely different from all others known .
nepal has pledged to double the population of tigers by the year 2022 from 121 in 2009 when the last systematic tiger count took place .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
it is one of ten mansions in the middle of the bishops avenue – the heart of london ’ s spiralling property market – that have stood almost entirely vacant since they were bought a quarter of a century ago , it is believed on behalf of members of the saudi arabian royal family .
the man had said his name was josé ivan and he had indicated that he survived by catching turtles and birds with his bare hands , but , because he spoke only spanish , further details were sketchy .
strength of the bond the atoms in metals have a strong attractive force between them .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
ideas and works that are reproducible at zero cost , or almost zero cost .
some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6,000 m -lrb- 19,685 ft -rrb- , whether in a trench or not .
the next day , the same mice were placed in a second chamber and given a small electric shock , to encode a fear response .
on the website , römer gave an indication of how the broadcasting of the project might proceed : “ this mission to mars could be the biggest media event in the world , ” said römer .
mortar bombs , fired from rebel-held areas now within easy range of the city , have become an ominous novelty .
lego ’ s profits rose strongly in the first half of 2014 , helped by the success of its lego movie , which has stormed box offices in the us and uk .
redmond says he has shown that the motor can compress two minutes ’ worth of air into the unit and that the design can be effectively held in the diver ’ s mouth .
the labour party disagreed with much of what she did and she will always remain a controversial figure .
the odyssey is an ancient greek epic poem attributed to homer .
in many parts of the world , wild- animal food sources are a critical part of the diet , particularly for the poor .
numerous movies have been filmed at the park , including portions of " this is cinerama , " the first feature filmed in that wide-screen format , and a string of esther williams films and tv specials in the 1950s and 1960s .
“ there is a very strong correlation between branding and profitability. ” hayles said interbrand , which has been carrying out the annual study since 2000 , calculates brand value by examining companies ’ financial performance , consumers ’ “ brand allegiance ” and “ brand-strength analysis ” .
“ i saw these people in calais every day and i wanted to do something for them , ” she said .
it aims to be fast and lightweight , while still being visually appealing and easy to use .
using the same data , the group has begun work on new atlases that show how the brain holds information on other aspects of language , from phonemes to syntax .
he was a leading figure in the german political party alliance ' 90 / the greens , and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in germany for most of the government 's duration .
“ i don ’ t believe it ’ s whitening ; it ’ s more the way they are producing her with makeup , hairstylists and the way she dresses , ” he said .
there he played on his only album with the band one hot minute in 1995 .
it may also speed up planning decisions that will affect iqaluit ’ s growth .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
normally a pawn moves by advancing a single square , but the first time each pawn is moved from its initial position , it has the option to advance two squares .
few probably notice the springiness beneath their feet .
“ it should be easy to reduce noise pollution , ” he said .
the second theme , entwined with it , is the shift outside africa from communicable diseases and the common causes of mother and baby deaths to what are sometimes termed “ lifestyle ” diseases , such as heart disease , stroke , diabetes and cancer – some of which have significant genetic triggers .
“ this country is a huge mess and we need to get out of this and , honestly , he could be the man to do it. ” other supporters offer a simpler explanation .
an earlier incarnation of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904 , but lost to the ottawa senators .
leading figures included otto ernst remer , a former major general , and fritz dorls .
“ we are at the avante-garde of solar , ” el-kadiri says .
by the end of the session , i think i ’ d managed a prodigious 90 seconds of breath-holding , enough to let me swim a width .
here , at the central african country ’ s first ice- cream parlour , customers can buy scoops in sweet cream , passion fruit , strawberry and pineapple flavours .
his machine didn ’ t use plastic cards – instead , it used cheques impregnated with carbon-14 , a mildly radioactive substance .
we ’ re well advanced. ” in terms of his love life , axani said he was not looking for his next elizabeth gallagher just yet .
“ it ’ s hard to really grasp –'ok , the summer is coming to an end .
this honour was granted on the basis that he was the inventor of the automatic cash dispenser .
fittingly , the announcement of the new banknote was made at the turner contemporary gallery in margate , which stands on the former site of mrs booth ’ s lodging house , where turner would always stay when he visited .
the cake has been baked in honour of allen ’ s recent birthday by her 89-year-old sister , joan , known locally as the “ scone queen of saltburn ” .
“ you don ’ t buy a house like new place and not live there , ” paul edmondson said .
noma has been named the world ’ s best restaurant by restaurant magazine for three years running .
first , there was the time he outraged prisoners of war by doubting the heroism of vietnam veteran john mccain because he allowed himself to be captured .
however , the cmi ’ s data did provide some evidence to support miller ’ s contention that the overall pay gap is narrowing : the difference between the average salaries earned by male and female bosses has appeared to shrink , decreasing from an average of £10,060 in 2012 to £8,502 in the cmi ’ s most recent figures .
“ do you really want to encourage people to get to a point where , when it disappears or when the battery goes flat , they are in total shock and can do nothing ? ” he said .
visitbritain estimates that nearly 30 % of foreign visitors , or nearly nine million people , include castles and historic houses on their itineraries .
enterprising people were offering lumps of meteorite for sale through internet sites within a few hours of the impact .
bolivia has obtained a special exemption from the 1961 single convention on narcotic drugs , the framework that governs international drugs policy , allowing its indigenous people to chew the leaves .
the former member of the swiss federal council josef escher was born in simplon .
we suffer from what social psychologists call “ emotional innumeracy ” when estimating realities : this means we are sending a message about what is worrying us as much as trying to get the right answers .
“ when you arrest the top guy , people start fighting for position all the way up .
police intervened at other stores , including tesco in willesden and surrey quays , just before the doors opened at midnight .
the city of sunderland has been commended several times on its commitment to preserving its natural faculties .
“ we are symbiotic : the town is here because of the mine , ” says deputy mayor niklas siren .
fast-growing us-only chain chick-fil-a was considered to be best for chicken .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
“ meanwhile , our reliance on perpetual growth was creating a system that created money out of nothing. ” the loans he swindled from banks were his way of regulating and denouncing this situation , he said .
to anyone who thinks two minutes of air is no more than a minor improvement on snorkelling , redmond says it could make all the difference underwater .
what the job involves : descending to the sea bed and searching for unexploded ordnance ( bombs , shells , grenades and landmines ) , then either safely recovering and collecting the weapons or securely disposing of them .
all light up their own networks .
you never see a reconstruction of a mesolithic hunter-gatherer with dark skin and blue eye colour , ” lalueza-fox said .
however , wells says £50,000 or more is “ easily achievable ” for an experienced technical director who , as well as tasting products , is also likely to be responsible for developing new recipes and advising the business on technical and regulatory matters .
that is how long it takes to understand each other , to share our feelings , and background , and career .
the main goal of the 6,000-nautical-mile ( 11,000km ) trip was to deliver a special message to the world parks congress .
islam says that it is not only each child ’ s right to get education , rather it is their duty and responsibility. ” such ability to articulate what normally remains unarticulated – to give voice to young people normally silenced – has generated its own response .
in the early 1970s , barry mazur considered generalizations of iwasawa theory to abelian varieties .
he is one of the founding members of global elders .
it was trying to show that we should reflect about the way we consume and make different choices , and that applies in all countries .
it is the right time .
although these parties may describe themselves as " libertarian , " their ideologies differ considerably and not all of them espouse all elements of the libertarian agenda .
she wants the baby back but it seems the other mother is reluctant .
“ i couldn ’ t seem to meet anyone willing to prioritize starting a family and struggled with when to mention wanting kids any time i met someone new .
“ they don ’ t know them and have a bad vision but they are not like that , ” flahaut said as she prepared for an afternoon lesson .
stocking said : “ we need a global new deal to reverse decades of increasing inequality .
in porto alegre , demonstrators set fire to a bus and , in curitiba , protesters attempted to force their way into the office of the state governor .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
bush is not the first to speak out against the detrimental effect of the presence of phones at concerts , with numerous artists berating their fans for experiencing live music through the filter of a screen .
elaine wyllie , headteacher of st ninian ’ s , said : “ i get at least two emails a day from other schools and local authorities asking how we do it .
i knew i had to get out of the water so i swam towards the pier but , within microseconds , dusty had ploughed into me with her snout .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
costa quickly kicked the sexist remark into touch .
she said the concept of a midlife crisis was shaky even in humans .
it ’ s a scene that plays out across canada ’ s northernmost mosques during ramadan , as muslim communities wrestle with the country ’ s unique geography .
the head of sweden ’ s prison and probation service , nils oberg , announced in november 2013 that four swedish prisons are to be closed due to an “ out of the ordinary ” decline in prisoner numbers .
i ’ m a prolific writer .
gordon peter moakes -lrb- born 22 june 1976 -rrb- is an english multi-instrumentalist and backing singer for english indie rock band bloc party .
this structure is still used for determining the teams in the playoffs in the american hockey league .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
after the committee ’ s hearing had ended , feinstein strongly endorsed the nsa ’ s main domestic programme .
you know who your customers are , who they are friends with and how they engage with your brand. ” and advertisers pay a lot for that .
“ so , with no big acts to headline , there are no big shows .
big efforts have been made in recent years to increase the number of those who carry an organ donation card , with a good deal of success .
the images relayed back to earth from voyager 2 became the basis of a 1989 pbs all-night program , neptune all night .
“ suppose a human could be engineered who slept for the same amount of time as a giraffe ( 1.9 hours per night ) .
figures released in 2014 by the health charity action on smoking and health ( ash ) reveal that usage among adults in britain of electronic cigarettes – which do not contain tobacco and produce vapour , not smoke – tripled from an estimated 700,000 users in 2012 to 2.1 million in 2014 .
sir alex ferguson will retire as manchester united manager at the end of the season in the 27th year of a tenure that has made him the most successful manager in british football .
the festspielhaus also features a double proscenium , which gives the audience the illusion that the stage is further away than it actually is .
“ people don ’ t seem to want to listen to a body of work , an album , any more .
researchers in britain and the netherlands have made a breakthrough , developing a method with a success rate in tests of over 70 % that could be in use in police stations around the world within a decade .
it ’ s odd how stricken with fear they ’ ll get but , as soon as the first chord is hit , they ’ re fine , ” he said .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
pizzi , who is now ceo of currie technologies , the number one seller of e-bikes in the us , believes that ’ s about to change .
it is very depressing . ”
even among adults , television is becoming less important .
it ’ s all about confidence to move fast and to learn , ” she says .
the office for national statistics has increased its estimate of the number of uk zero-hours workers by 25 % , to around 250,000 .
according to gant , “ the period of roger moore ’ s last ones , going into dalton , didn ’ t really excite audiences .
“ i ’ ve been in that situation once where i have made an incorrect decision and it was a deciding goal that was just offside .
it has been the greatest experience of my working life being alongside alex and a great honour to be able to call him a friend. ” first-team coach rené meulensteen revealed how ferguson broke the news to his backroom staff on wednesday morning .
even giving them time to think about what to think about did not help .
due to its appearance at burial sites across the globe , the spiral most likely represented the " life-death-rebirth " cycle .
in china , sales plunged by 23 % after a food scare when local media showed workers apparently caught on camera at a local supplier claiming to use out-of-date beef and chicken in products destined for mcdonald ’ s and kfc .
after he explored this region in 1614 , dutch fur traders sailed up the connecticut river -lrb- then known by the dutch as versche rivier - " fresh river " -rrb- and built a fort at dutch point near present-day hartford , which they called " house of hope " .
serial dater emmanuel limal was tired of meeting women who weren ’ t ready to start a family , or at least wouldn ’ t admit that they were .
that is a big , big problem in our industry .
i went hurtling forwards .
population ageing – when older people account for an increasingly large proportion of people – is happening fastest in developing countries .
he led a furious comeback as he completed 15 passes out of 20 attempted for 258 yds and 2 tds .
“ we want to make a few photos available to put with the bottle and give it a face , so visitors can see the young man who threw the bottle into the water , ” she said .
people would say 'you ’ re crazy .
fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy film .
the nervous system derives color by comparing the responses to light from the several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye .
“ since the dictatorship , brazilians never bothered to take over the streets .
it ’ s difﬁcult to look professional while crawling on the ground chasing an eel across the grass. ” worst part of the job : “ eels are really tricky creatures to work with – and getting outsmarted by an eel can be quite embarrassing , ” says mowat .
she has a series of adventures as johansson until she is eventually found out and , in the end , dies in a car crash .
now singerer , a childminder , has joined female , a group of like-minded drinkers in gothenburg , to launch sweden ’ s first beer made by women .
in remembrance of the old tradition , the axel springer press company erected its german headquarters at kochstraße again , right next to the berlin wall .
tabata set out to show this with a simple experiment .
the chain , which sells 29m pizzas a year through its uk restaurants , denied that it profits from the admin fee .
firstly , when on mars their bodies will have to adapt to surface gravity that is 38 % of that on earth .
to score consistent hits at medium or long range , players must aim using the iron sights on their guns .
these fit into categories given numbers from one to nine .
i have something that is great and powerful .
search google images and one of the first hits is a picture of a large , naked man wearing them in the shower .
and steve jobs was inspired by akio morita , the co-founder of sony , and he inspired me , so maybe it will come in a circle. ” maybe .
and , while tea remains the most drunk hot drink in the uk , households now spend more on coffee .
whereas glass is , he says , “ an egotistical device ” with a range of uses – you can surf the net , read emails , take photographs , do unspecified things with as yet unspecified apps – telepathy will be “ more of a communication device ” .
he and his climbing partner then continued on to the summit of lhotse , the third of this spectacular three-peaks challenge , on monday morning .
the conventional school starting time works for 10-year-olds but not 16- to 18-year-olds .
the shared secret is either shared beforehand between the communicating parties , in which case it can also be called a pre-shared key .
“ institutions are raising the white flag , ” remarked carlo mazzaggio .
“ sometimes , i am shocked by things that people say .
her parents are happy not to charge her rent .
thinner is a 1984 novel by stephen king , published under his pseudonym , richard bachman .
it has a lot of catching up to do .
but , many also say care for the environment ( 44 % ) and animal welfare ( 31 % ) are important , as is taste ( 35 % ) .
we can give education and training , but , when they leave prison , these people need housing and jobs . ”
after goodfellow successfully demonstrated the methodology by producing a model , prototypes were built and the first machines were installed in 1967 .
writing in the journal nature , former president of the royal institute of navigation roger mckinlay argues that our reliance on gps ( global positioning system ) technology is misplaced and could be eroding our innate way-finding abilities .
the list is sorted by film and character , as some characters have been portrayed by multiple actors .
brazil and china rank relatively high on the index ; india and russia are much lower .
she subsequently recorded " kanashiki kuchibue " , which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit .
down by dal lake , houseboats have been booked out months in advance .
forty-five minutes later , the class is finally over .
now , he ’ s a cook and he ’ s learning english. ” others were perplexed .
they were responsible for ensuring that people had many children and that the land produced plentiful crops .
stepping up to the lectern to the upbeat sounds of stevie wonder ’ s “ signed , sealed , delivered , i ’ m yours , ” obama told the ecstatic crowd of supporters : “ tonight in this election , you , the american people , reminded us that while our road has been hard , while our journey has been long , we have picked ourselves up , we have fought our way back .
“ reject pessimism , cynicism and know that progress is possible .
according to the international federation of the phonographic industry ( ifpi ) , there were just 41m subscribers using music streaming services globally in 2014 .
“ this is where we draw the line .
“ you ’ d be better off addressing the underlying causes of being lonely first – what ’ s stopping you going out and seeing people ? ” asks challis .
“ in those particular cases , there are going to be hazards along the way that the vehicle is going to have to detect .
the spot was observed at different times with different sizes and shapes .
but in iqaluit and the other muslim communities in the arctic , the long days have forced a shift in how the element of fasting is approached .
ornithologist richard zann perished in the kinglake fire , together with his wife eileen and daughter eva .
the computer imaging techniques allow doctors to gain in-depth insights into the deepest interiors of dead bodies .
between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
japan ’ s version of the uk horsemeat scandal has since spread to several household names in catering .
the métis today predominantly speak english , with french a strong second language , as well as numerous aboriginal tongues .
only around 1 % of people who have never smoked have tried an electronic cigarette .
in this way , they named the city people lived in 57 % of the time , and were nearly 90 % accurate in placing people within 50 miles of their home .
hot chocolate and churros is the traditional working-man 's breakfast in spain .
he is now 36 and his life can be divided into two distinct phases .
though ethiopia has a fast-growing economy , it remains on the un ’ s list of least-developed countries .
after several failed attempts , they managed to reconstruct the man ’ s entire genome from dna found in the root of a third molar .
the fourth element , ununoctium , may be a noble gas , like other group-18 elements , helium , neon and argon .
in 911 , french king charles the simple was able to make an agreement with the viking warleader rollo , a chieftain of disputed norwegian or danish origins .
regassa feyissa , an ethiopian agricultural scientist and former head of the national institute for biodiversity , warns that , without careful planning , increased teff production for export may displace other important crops for farmers .
according to the world bank , only 46 % of municipal solid waste in africa is collected .
he wanted to cross the channel because he speaks fluent english but , with language classes , he says he is happy to settle in france .
using a system of condensers and filters , it traps the humidity in the air and extracts the water vapour to produce around 96 litres of drinking water a day .
there are numerous legends about the origins of boxing in greece .
while there are many plans to save venice – and ho chi minh city and jakarta are taking the problem seriously – the same can not be said for miami , where politicians refuse to admit the city has a severe environmental problem .
the british described cheema as a powerful and united , but quarrelsome tribe .
“ we hope that uk uncut will respect the wellbeing of our partners and customers , and recognize the value that we add to the economy , creating jobs and apprenticeships , as well as paying our fair share of taxes in the uk . ”
he joined the anc in 1943 and became a co-founder of its youth league .
talks are ongoing with tunisia and energy exports northwards across the mediterranean remain a key goal .
humans , said tv naturalist sir david attenborough in 2013 , are a “ plague on earth ” , but wwf claims there is still time to stop the rot .
but pink slime has left doubts in us consumers ’ minds .
he also serves as music director of the mozart orchestra of bologna , italy .
and the rest of us can build up session by session , week by week , all the time knowing that it will never get easier because every session calls for maximum effort .
i shouted for help and a guy put his arm in and pulled me out on to the steps .
apparently after her death , shah jahan went into secluded mourning for a year .
seaworld has suffered an 84 % collapse in profits as customers have deserted the controversial aquatic theme park company following claims it mistreated orca whales .
in sweden , no young person under the age of 21 can be sentenced to life – this is not the case in many other countries – and every effort is made to ensure that as few juvenile offenders as possible end up in prison .
there has also been a dramatic shift from white to brown , wholemeal and other bread but the figures suggest the amount people are eating has fallen from 25 to 15 slices a week over the past four decades , based on a 40g slice from a medium sliced loaf .
when police swooped on his warehouses in 2012 they found piles of cash : wads of €100 , €200 and €500 notes were wrapped in elastic bands .
if there ’ s any indication of decline in emotional or subjective well-being it is very small and , in many studies , it ’ s not there at all. ” but weiss believes the findings could point to a deeper understanding of the emotional crisis some men may experience .
water should be just under 100°c when it is poured on to tea leaves – but that isn ’ t possible on a plane .
hygiene technician the job : disinfecting areas that have potentially been exposed to bio-hazardous situations what it involves : cleaning up crime scenes , road accidents and suicides .
he is careful to offer some praise to the police and says much of their work in hauling in gang members has been good .
now , we are also developing programmes to address behaviours such as aggression and violence .
but , as the second hand ticks past a minute , i know i ’ m on borrowed time .
the citizens expelled it in 1552 , allying with france : this was unacceptable for charles , who sent his general gian giacomo medici to lay siege to it with a florentine-imperial army .
turkestan -lrb- literally meaning " land of the turks " -rrb- is a region in central asia , which today is largely inhabited by turkic peoples .
occasionally , i will earn over £50 in one night , which almost doubles my earnings for that day .
digital understanding peaks between 14 and 15 years of age , when the average is a dq of 113 , and then drops gradually throughout adulthood , before falling rapidly in old age .
for some , it ’ s a welcome change from the unrelenting darkness of winter .
a fifth of the rubbish ends up there , according to the environment ministry .
“ in a sense , they increasingly expect brands to know them . ”
like many others , he felt the money could have been better spent elsewhere – on a couple of extra carers to look after rjukan ’ s old people , perhaps , or improved school facilities , cycle paths , a bit of rural road resurfacing .
film director richard linklater discusses this novel in his film waking life , which begins with a scene reminiscent of another dick novel , time out of joint .
it ’ s whether you eat fruit and vegetables at all .
since exmoor was designated europe ’ s first international dark sky reserve – one notch below dark sky park – in 2011 , a range of local businesses offering stargazing breaks and safaris has sprung up .
barack obama has urged young people to reject pessimism and interact with those who have different beliefs if they want to make changes in the world .
that way , the mice learned to associate fear of the electric shock with the memory of the first chamber .
i told myself that , if i took charge of a club again , i ’ d hire a woman as my number two .
at the same time , the researchers shone light into the mouse brains to activate their memories of the first chamber .
my kingdom for a horse ! ” another sword slash , which also went through the bone and into the brain , would also have proved fatal .
on a canoe , you are not just going from one destination to another using the stars , the moon , the sun and the birds .
despite its growing eco-credentials , critics continue to snipe at glastonbury , accusing it of becoming increasingly corporate in tone .
with 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production halted due to the depression , oil prices rose further after days of increasing levels , and on september 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .
allen is the oldest , followed by her sister .
“ the main concern relating to this is that even a slight increase in sound may make echolocation more difficult for whales , ” said scott veirs of beamreach , who led the research .
it turned out that liars wave their arms more but , again , this is only at the 60 % level that you can get from a conventional polygraph .
they are also understood to be extremely intelligent and capable of using tools .
gross .
above the boxes , la scala has always had a gallery where the less wealthy can watch the performances .
“ the really interesting thing about this work is that we are learning that it ’ s not just about the numbers of species going extinct , but the actual numbers in a population ; that ’ s the beginning of a fundamental shift in our understanding , ” he says .
he joined facebook in order to contact his future roommate and talk about their plans for that year .
fossils canowindra is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .
due to the lack of major effects from hurricane cindy , the name was not retired by the world meteorological organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season .
they can also be used as a general test tube substitute particularly when a larger volume is desired .
trials are underway to create an industrial-scale version of the biomimicry-inspired technology that roosegaarde hopes could one day replace conventional street lighting .
there has been a drop in deaths among under-fives of nearly 60 % , from 16.4 million in 1970 to 6.8 million in 2010 .
“ people act like i have that choice , as a business owner .
i ’ m going to ask him about electoral rights and try to ask him if he would join our campaign to ask david cameron for automatic registration. ” obama ended the session by taking a question from a young sikh londoner , who asked about the issue of racial profiling at airports and being mistaken for a muslim .
the top 1 % in russia own 70 % of the nation ’ s wealth , while the top 1 % in new zealand only own 18 % .
among those also charged on thursday were rafael salguero , a guatemalan who left the executive committee in may ; the former south american confederation secretary general , eduardo deluca ; peru ’ s former football federation president , manuel burga ; and bolivia ’ s football president , carlos chaves , already jailed in his own country .
despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
to succeed as a butler , you need … the mindset of someone who genuinely thrives on looking after others .
future images will reveal more clues about the formation of this , and the other moon , billions of years ago .
police and intelligence agencies around the world have , for almost 100 years , relied on lie detectors to help convict criminals or unearth spies and traitors .
with her election , pelosi became the first woman , the first californian and the first italian-american to hold the speakership .
just after i got into the water , dusty left the woman she was with and went ballistic – i found out afterwards that she ’ s very territorial when she is with somebody .
i think he felt the time was right now and he made a decision .
“ the groups play a vital role in motivating employers to let children leave for two to three hours a day to attend school and to ensure a safe workplace for the children .
defining colour is complex .
but what we find , throughout the study , is that people grossly generalize from their own situations , forgetting how unrepresentative they are .
however , this list contains substances which may have synthetic origins .
in the summertime , the hamptons , a collection of historic oceanfront towns and villages 100 miles from manhattan , is a billionaires ’ playground .
“ but it ’ s far more than i expected , ” she says .
the man who sold the world was released in the us in late 1970 and in the uk the following year , and with its daring songwriting and broody , hard-rock sound , it was the first album to do full justice to his writing and performing gifts .
the film is mainly based on robert drewe 's book our sunshine .
these exist , conjoined with starch , in the endosperms of some grass-related grains , notably wheat , rye , and barley .
there is no shortage of competitors , be it kickstarter , seedrs or funding circle , but , unlike rivals , says ringelmann , indiegogo is the only crowdfunder where anyone can launch a campaign .
children need to be given proper diets but more of it is the unnecessary avoidance of things that aren ’ t harmful , which has a huge impact on the quality of life .
other countries , such as china and korea , which are also considering real-world emissions tests , will be watching what happens next closely .
some players are used to the heat – their bodies can genetically handle the heat and others ’ can ’ t , ” he said .
“ it is virtually certain that , in the long term , global precipitation will change .
“ with moocs , there ’ s very little support available : the student is dropped in and tends not to get any individual attention .
this is a mining area .
vietnam war : four f-4c phantoms escorting a bombing raid at kang chi are the targets of antiaircraft missiles in the first such attack against american aircraft in the war .
we learned a lot about ourselves and about each other .
in the 11th and 12th century soest grew considerably , making it one of the biggest towns in westphalia with some 10,000 citizens .
others wanted to know whether it uses real eggs or whether the mcrib is made with the same plastic contained in yoga mats .
after suffering from severe frostbite on the eastern front at the end of 1942 , he served as an offizier für wehrgeistige führung -lrb- political officer -rrb- at the antiaircraft artillery school in altenstadt , near schongau .
abdullah sighs at the mention of that furore .
galileo imaged almost all of the surface of metis and put constraints on its composition by 1998 .
the report , substantially authored by professor phil scraton of queen ’ s university , belfast , and unanimously agreed by the panel of eight experts , found there was “ no evidence … to verify the serious allegations of exceptional levels of drunkenness , ticketlessness or violence among liverpool fans ” .
he became the head of the ancient church of the east in october 1968 and relocated to baghdad .
people also take mental shortcuts , where they grab for easily available information even if it doesn ’ t quite fit the question .
although mars one were never likely to overcome the financial and technical barriers during their proposed timeline , it was refreshing to hear a new idea that challenges us to think about our own role in the future of space exploration .
singles competition -lrb- 2002 – 2003 -rrb- after years in the tag team division , hardy took on the undertaker in a ladder match for the undisputed championship .
“ there are riches here , riches that are badly needed by local inhabitants , ” said vicente fernández guerrero , secretary-general of innovation , industry and energy for andalucía .
he said the discomfort of returning to gravity – which shrank him back down to normal height after he stretched by 1.5 inches in orbit – took nothing away from the awe he felt after his capsule landed back on earth .
indonesia may receive less rainfall between july and october , but the coastal regions around the south china sea and gulf of thailand can expect increased rainfall extremes when cyclones hit land .
barack obama flew back to washington and his desk in the oval office on wednesday , hours after delivering an election victory speech in chicago in which he called for the country to unite behind him .
aang has appeared in other media , such as trading cards , video games , t-shirts , and web comics .
fortunately , his long-suffering girlfriend , anaïs , and cat , loon , ( both french ) stuck with him .
rainbows are produced when sunlight hits raindrops .
then , there is visible light and infrared radiation from the sun , which also heat up buildings .
how long can you hold your breath ?
“ if you form connections with your team , you might be stressed but not isolated , ” says rick hughes , the british association for counselling and psychotherapy ’ s ( bacp ) lead adviser for the workplace .
step forward the inventors .
i ’ m hugely grateful .
voted into hall of fame on first ballot in 1961 .
as such , the reservation would weaken international law as it relates to the global effort to tackle the drugs trade and could weaken the international community ’ s response to that trade. ” the right of indigenous communities in south america ’ s andean region to chew coca leaf was removed in 1964 when bolivia was under a dictatorship and it signed up to the convention .
in the final count , the no camp won 2,001,926 votes ( 55.3 % ) to 1,617,989 for yes ( 44.7 % ) .
the apostles ' creed , as well as other baptismal creeds , is esteemed as an example of the apostles ' teachings and a defense of the gospel of christ .
that allows scientists and others to raise any objections .
so , just like our mouse , it is quite possible we can associate what we happen to have in our mind with bad or good high-variance ongoing events .
he agrees with the findings of a report that says the arrest of gang leaders can even make things worse .
martin andersen is a 40-year-old artist who moved to rjukan in the summer of 2001 .
it is possible that the berber muslim almoravids were originally from the area .
the rest of their viewing is shared between dvds , streamed content through netflix or itunes and recorded television programmes .
by the age of 21 , he was already recognized for composing more than 200 songs .
not one was unaffected by some form of noise from human activity , be it over-flying aircraft , motorbikes , motorboats or tour buses .
many women begin their careers in adulthood .
“ i would say that , as a government employee , i am subject to the hatch act , ” he said , referring to a law that prohibits some political activity for federal employees .
in common with the beatles , they came from liverpool and were managed by brian epstein .
the 2013 star count revealed that only 5 % of the uk population can see more than 31 stars on a good night .
usucha creates a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .
“ after four minutes ’ hard exercise they were wiped out .
already in the pipeline are plans for a new shark exhibition in orlando and an attraction in san antonio that will allow customers to swim with dolphins in a “ naturalistic ” setting .
schneier designed blowfish as a general-purpose algorithm , intended as a replacement for the aging des and free of the problems and constraints associated with other algorithms .
writing in the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences , mutchler describes how , on a shoestring budget , he and fellow graduate student , jonathan mayer , uncovered a wealth of personal information , some of it sensitive , about people who took part in the study .
in the early 1920s honegger shot to fame with his " dramatic psalm " le roi david -lrb- " king david " -rrb- , which is still in the choral repertoire .
in 1589 , salt began to be made in sunderland .
she listened quietly as ban ki-moon , the un secretary-general , described her as “ our hero , our champion ” ; and as the former british prime minister and now un education envoy , gordon brown , uttered what he called “ the words the taliban never wanted her to hear : happy 16th birthday , malala ” .
with a woman in charge , maybe they ’ ll be less demanding. ” if costa ’ s reputation is anything to go by , she will be the one making the demands .
but its most contentious application is for its own brand .
amsterdam still looks liberal to tourists , who were recently assured by the labour mayor that the city ’ s marijuana-selling coffee shops would stay open despite a new national law tackling drug tourism .
tarifa ’ s mayor , juan andrés gil , declined to comment on the project , but galindo said it complies with environmental standards .
42 – 59 external links 2001 census , accessed nov . 29 , 2006 geo .
but what can young people do to combat loneliness ?
the duchess of cambridge gave birth to a son on monday , 22 july .
everyone says , 'don ’ t read it , because it ’ s always rubbish'. ” the prince was posted to afghanistan last september to command a £45m apache helicopter – one of the military ’ s most sophisticated and well-armed aircraft .
morocco ’ s environment minister , hakima el-haite , believes that solar energy could have the same impact on the region this century that oil production had in the last .
ultimately , hasson believes it will be possible to reconstruct the words a person is thinking from their brain activity .
but when british designer , patrick hunt , went down the conventional route of bank or venture capital finance to get his invention kickstarted commercially , he hit a problem .
“ there ’ s a big difference between sharing sensory information and being able to plan .
but it is getting easier .
fresh potatoes are also becoming less essential with a 67 % decrease from 1974 , when adults ate the equivalent of 188g every day .
vikidia is an online encyclopedia wiki designed with mediawiki software .
doñana , a un world heritage site , is also home to some of europe ’ s rarest birds , including the spanish imperial eagle , while its mammalian inhabitants include the highly endangered iberian lynx .
prometheus acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner edge of saturn 's f ring .
waterson took the labour whip in parliament .
according to a nationwide analysis of food waste in uk households , the most wasted food in the uk by weight is bread , with consumers throwing away 414,000 tonnes ( 22.4 % ) of all bread purchased .
karabo ngidi , a lawyer with the centre , said “ what ’ s going to happen must be in the best interests of the children .
but there are a couple of serious snags .
“ then we all left in silence .
for example she frequently sings traditional songs with a piano accompaniment .
we had been doing corporate functions but it all became pretty sparse after that .
now , i think i would handle the interview very differently . ”
more formally , vorticity can be related to the amount of " circulation " or " rotation " -lrb- or more strictly , the local angular rate of rotation -rrb- in a fluid .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
in the philippines , oregano , plectranthus amboinicus , is not commonly used as a cooking ingredient but is primarily considered a medicinal plant , useful for relieving children 's coughs .
jörg heinrich -lrb- born december 6 , 1969 in rathenow -rrb- is a german football defender .
“ there would be problems with farmers .
the old testament 's examples of killings sanctioned by god are often cited in defense of the view that " murder " is a more accurate translation .
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of santos football club .
“ sometimes it ’ s getting foggy when i exhale .
“ fans filming is now part of the concert experience – that is a just a fact – so we take that footage that people are filming at concerts through the app , they upload it onto the app , and then it comes back to them mixed together with everybody else who was filming .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
as i said during the campaign , it would have broken my heart to see our united kingdom come to an end .
in the meantime , they are transforming the potential for rescuing both climbers and the far more numerous trekkers heading as far as base camp .
“ i will be writing to the auction house as a matter of urgency to clarify what happened and what will happen next , but for now we are really pleased that because of the pressure and the strong views of the people of wood green , a community campaign in london has had an impact in the us .
the major demonstrations in rio de janeiro , são paulo , brasilia , belem , belo horizonte , salvador and elsewhere started peacefully , but several led to clashes with police and arson attacks on cars and buses .
“ it ’ s just an enormous trend and shows no signs of slowing down , ” said mclaughlin , adding that those who buy the titles are keen to display their ability to stay within the lines to the world at large .
another of groundwater 's short stories has been adapted into a live theater performance .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
“ i bought them for £250 .
“ we love you felix , ” cheered the control room as his mother , ava baumgartner , wept .
why shouldn ’ t they manage men ’ s teams ?
a un high-level panel considering a new development framework to succeed the millennium development goals after 2015 said the goal of eliminating extreme poverty by 2030 was within reach .
he owned a gold and silver rolex and a fleet of expensive cars .
north west cape is a large peninsula of land in the north west coast of western australia .
“ are there multiple conditions that lead to the formation of false memories ?
the way his foreleg emerges from his thick coat of skin reminds us how long human beings have been wondering at the natural spectacle that is the rhino .
“ actually , i over-polish .
islam emphasizes unity and defense of fellow muslims , although many divisions of islam -lrb- see sunni-shia relations , for example -rrb- exist .
“ it was so simple ; the simplest thing imaginable , ” said sanchéz barba .
in 2005 , american historian doris kearns goodwin wrote team of rivals : the political genius of abraham lincoln , describing how lincoln hired those who ran against him for presidency .
and water is denser than air .
their grecian columns are cracking into pieces and mosaic-tiled swimming pools are filled with rubble .
unlimited bbm messages are available to anyone with a second-hand device and a £7-a-month deal from t-mobile .
but most younger users do restrict their profiles , with 60 % allowing friends only .
with figures adjusted for inflation , the 1965 release , thunderball , is only a hair ’ s breadth below skyfall , while goldfinger and you only live twice both outperformed the other craig films ( as did the 70s bonds , the spy who loved me and live and let die ) .
she first gained popularity in playboy , becoming the 1993 playmate of the year .
in 2005 , boreanaz began starring opposite emily deschanel on the current prime time television series , bones .
basically , they don ’ t sleep so that huffington can … and can sell books about it .
it really took off for us – selling the anti-stress angle gave people permission to enjoy something they might have felt was quite childish , ” she said .
“ we also see that the world ’ s health systems can and must do more for women who experience violence. ” the highest levels of violence against women are in africa , where nearly half of all women – 45.6 % – will suffer physical or sexual violence .
events of 1816 january – june known as the " year without a summer " in the northern hemisphere due to global cooling caused by the mount tambora volcanic eruption that had occurred in 1815 .
a lonely old man living in a crater on the moon is the unlikely focus of john lewis ’ s christmas 2015 advert , as the department store puts a charitable spin on its latest multi-million pound campaign .
in a statement , google said : “ google cares deeply about the security of our users ’ data .
in the first , when she was relatively unknown , she looked darker .
megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna known only from australian fossils that incorporates the oldest known echidna species .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
“ knowing that people are going to film and want those memories is really important because it is probably going to hit them on the head in the future if they say to everyone they can ’ t film .
qualifications : you don ’ t need any specific qualifications but can do a course at the british butler academy or the british butler institute .
the site levies a 4 % fee for successful campaigns .
prior to her highly anticipated series of concerts at the hammersmith apollo in london , bush released a statement appealing to her fans to put down their mobile phones at her gigs .
he lived in very violent times and these deaths would not have been pretty or quick. ” it was mathew morris who first uncovered the body , in the first hour of the first day of the excavation .
“ we can not even predict what kinds of emergent properties would appear when animals begin interacting as part of a 'brain-net ' , ” he said .
railways the location of the town in the bottom of a steep valley counted against it for railway construction .
“ we ’ ve developed an exploration algorithm where you draw a box around an area and it ’ ll autonomously fly around that area and look at every surface and then report back. ” huber , a senior scientist at carnegie mellon ’ s robotics institute , where he works on 3d systems imagery , said with respect to a program like amazon ’ s : “ i have heard them say that many packages are lightweight – a drone can carry a kilogram for 15 minutes .
mps accused hm revenue & customs ( hmrc ) officials of having cosy relationships with big businesses .
history birth of the furby dave hampton and caleb chung created the furby in merely nine months -lrb- in addition to an additional nine months spent designing the toy -rrb- .
armageddon -lrb- 2008 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -lrb- ppv -rrb- event produced by the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- promotion , which took place on december 14 , 2008 at the hsbc arena in buffalo , new york .
lucy smith , glastonbury ’ s green issues organizer , said : “ we have amazing water quality in the uk but everyone is obsessed with drinking bottled water. ” she said the initiative precedes a plan for glastonbury 2015 to replace all plastic beer glasses and cutlery with reusable items in an attempt to eradicate the legacy of plastic waste from the huge rural site .
what ’ s more , limal has finally found love .
archers of loaf was an american indie-rock band originally from chapel hill , north carolina .
“ he must do both ; but without tourism , our economy will be in chaos , ” he said , adding that while he welcomed the million tourists who visited this year , kashmir had to do more to attract big-spending visitors , especially foreigners .
the team was founded by alexander cartwright , considered one of the original developers of modern baseball .
it ’ s a stripped-down , simplified version of google glass .
members of the decavalcante family believed themselves to be the inspiration for the dimeo family .
this means that 11.7 % of all food purchased is avoidably wasted , at an estimated cost to each family of £700 a year or almost £60 a month .
there are two challenges .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
it ’ s a challenging thing to do ; you need to be focused , articulate and detail orientated . ”
today , infections with formidable , highly resistant organisms are commonplace and the pharmaceutical industry is not keeping pace .
many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they blended in very well they would be mistaken for a criminal by other police officers , especially in case of drawing their gun in an emergency .
but delphine pando , defending closer , said the action was a “ disproportionate response ” to publication of the photographs .
up to 50 metres high , these steel-framed 'supertrees ' not only have flowers and ferns growing up them but their metallic canopies act to absorb and disperse heat too .
but my rent is just €800 ( £625 ) a month. ” an equivalent apartment in london would cost upwards of £2,000 and even more in new york , ranked 44th in the table .
a digital seven-day diary shows live television accounts for just half of viewing for this age group , compared to nearly 70 % for all adults .
in the centre ’ s courtyard , tech-savvy millennials lounge throughout the day in wicker chairs beneath a white canopy or just outside when it ’ s packed , tapping away on laptops and tablets or glued to their smartphones .
john spencer , a mission scientist , said the mountains appear to be around 11,000ft high and several hundred miles across .
in it he explains that christ has two qnome -lrb- essences -rrb- , which are unmingled and eternally united in one parsopa -lrb- personality -rrb- .
doctors should be cautious about the clinical potential of this hormone until we know much more about its benefits and risks , in much larger studies. ” said simon baron-cohen .
what a majestic creature and what futile human destructiveness .
hannah says she typically spends two to four hours after each visit writing detailed reports on everything from the quality of the food to specific interactions with staff , whom she always needs to be able to name or “ subtly ” describe .
costa was appointed on a two-year contract by the president of clermont foot 63 , claude michy , who is a champion at grabbing the headlines for his club .
in mathematics , a riemann sum is a method for approximating the total area underneath a curve on a graph , otherwise known as an integral .
“ if you need to go out and talk to a friend , a girl or a boy , you come to inzozi nziza for an ice cream. ” most of the ingredients are sourced locally and the milk comes from a depot in nearby nyanza .
you end up with really fantastic content , ” he said .
“ you have to be willing to get your hands dirty during the build process and inspections .
“ but , the rest of us live here year round .
“ i asked myself : if i were pope and wanted to resign , when would i choose ?
it is not clear whether it is only a transient clump of dust , or if there is a solid moonlet at its core .
a vast hemisphere of sky hangs over this utterly flat but certainly not featureless landscape .
for a man famous in his own lifetime , there is little documentary evidence for shakespeare ’ s life and times .
in february 1942 , he was hospitalized , later claiming that this was due to a nervous breakdown connected with the ethnic cleansing in belarus , especially the genocide of the jews .
“ i ’ ve tried my best to get that sound , ” he told the guitar player magazine .
christian advises clients who find themselves forced to eat turtles to start with their eyes – “ lots of fluid ” – then move on to the blood .
it really is as simple as that. ” shortly before he went to afghanistan , the prince was caught in another media furore , when pictures emerged of him frolicking naked in las vegas during a private party .
“ if an author can no longer mention the things that surround us – a brand of beer , a monument , an actor – it ’ s going to be complicated to produce fiction .
more than one million british workers might be employed on zero-hours contracts , new figures reveal , suggesting that british business is using the controversial employment terms far more widely than previously thought .
“ there may be a big decision to make in the first 30 seconds of the game .
they had however been reinforced by a detachment of 32 grenadiers from one of the swiss mercenary regiments summoned to paris by the king shortly before 14 july .
history arch mineral corporation was founded in 1969 as a partnership between ashland oil -lrb- now ashland , inc . -rrb- and the hunt family of dallas , texas .
young adults are being squeezed by low wages and rents , which have hit record highs , while those who want to buy a property are finding the monthly cost of renting is preventing them from saving enough to get on the housing ladder .
it is situated in the southeastern part of the state , on the shore of a lake called the tollensesee -lrb- 18 km ² -rrb- .
the secretary of state for culture , media and sport is a united kingdom cabinet position with responsibility for the department for culture , media and sport .
south somerset is a local government district in somerset , england .
jmw turner , one of britain ’ s greatest painters , is to be the face of the new £20 note , following a nationwide vote .
tarvos , or saturn xxi , is a prograde irregular satellite of saturn .
a spokeswoman for facebook declined to comment .
it is not one of the five nobel prizes established by the will of alfred nobel in 1895 .
so there is a switch and i flick it when necessary. ” he admitted he sometimes 'let himself down ' with his laddish behaviour , which he put down to “ probably being too much army and not enough prince ” , but he said he was entitled to privacy , too .
my top priority is ending the mass surveillance , digital surveillance , of millions and millions of law- abiding americans. ” feinstein unexpectedly announced that she was “ totally opposed ” to the foreign leader spying of the sort the nsa conducts of german chancellor angela merkel .
a court in california ruled that : “ while the practice of yoga may be religious in some contexts , yoga classes as taught in the [ san diego ] district are , as the trial court determined , 'devoid of any religious , mystical or spiritual trappings .
this could be causing a significant problem that we need to look into more. ” there are several knock-on consequences of a noisy marine environment .
he settled in london , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .
the stunt , which was seven years in the planning and sponsored by red bull drinks , beat two of kittinger ’ s records : the retired us air force colonel previously held the high altitude and speed records for parachuting .
“ the commission is finalizing a proposal to introduce a new emissions testing procedure that will allow proper assessment of the vehicles in real driving , ” said lucia caudet , a commission spokesperson .
pop and imap -lrb- internet message access protocol -rrb- are the two most prevalent internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval .
so many come here to swim with her and they don ’ t understand how dangerous it can be .
young cubans are flocking to use the first known free , open-access internet service in the communist island nation , which has been made possible by one of cuba ’ s most famous artists .
the finding that 41 of the 96 who died could possibly have been saved had the police and ambulance service done their jobs decently is damning of those bodies and , aspinall said , difficult for the families to contemplate .
“ there is no evidence that the increase in attacks is a result of increasing shark numbers .
the public , he said , proved they were interested in music for its own sake by choosing ellen oléria – a black lesbian – as the recent winner of the talent show the voice brazil .
“ if you have an off-the-shelf uav [ unmanned aerial vehicle ] , it ’ ll just keep going and crash into the ground , ” said roboticist daniel huber .
one terrible injury , a stab through the right buttock and into his pelvis , was certainly after death and could not have happened when his lower body was protected by armour .
the mice froze , demonstrating a typical fear response , even though they had never been shocked while there .
it sounds like a headline from a health magazine ; an unattainable promise on late-night satellite tv .
during and after the thirty years ' war , soest suffered a tremendous loss of both population and influence ; at the lowest point in 1756 it had only 3,600 citizens .
the initial aim is to use the new method to complement the traditional autopsy .
however , by the end of the movie , she is more outgoing and confident .
some people are already saying that apple music will destroy rivals like spotify .
i could be one of the pioneers , building the first settlement on mars and teaching people back home that there are still uncharted territories that humans can reach for. ” the prime attributes mars one is looking for in astronaut-settlers are resilience , adaptability , curiosity , ability to trust and resourcefulness , according to kraft .
the pivotal moment for northumberland came in 2013 when the entire national park housing hadrian ’ s wall , along with kielder water and forest park , some 1,500 sq km , was awarded dark sky park status , the only one in england .
“ it is an ideal which i hope to live for and to achieve .
“ right now , shops are doing lots of incredibly invasive things but we just don ’ t know about it .
islam is a religion of peace , humanity and brotherhood .
days later , blatter won a fifth term as president but later agreed to step down as the crisis grew .
he was buried at westminster abbey on 9 may 1509 .
in the middle ages the region profited from the vicinity of the wealthy hanseatic city of rostock .
but they say nepal needs to do more to protect the habitat and animals on which tigers prey so the big cats have enough space to roam and food to eat .
this was done through issuing generators and energy-intensive companies with a set quota of emissions permits , requiring them to buy extra permits if they needed to emit more than their allowance .
festival organizers are targeting the disposable bottle , one of the most conspicuous symbols of the throwaway culture , that each year leaves the 900-acre somerset site wreathed in plastic , with an estimated one million plastic bottles being used during the festival .
he reduced the number of showers he had and eliminated shampoo and soap when he did .
qualifications : to dive offshore , you must have diving-inspection and medical-technician qualifications .
young people fear they are losing their contemporaries in an exodus to match the one that scattered their grandparents ’ friends to america , australia and canada .
dutch newspaper the parool has pointed out that in the 19th century troublemakers were moved to villages in drenthe and overijssel , which rapidly became slums .
i don ’ t have any anger towards dusty .
he could share his thoughts on “ which best practices work and the bad ones that don ’ t , ” he suggested , “ for the general population and for bank workers ” .
the figures , released by the chartered management institute ( cmi ) , reveal that men in uk management roles earned average bonuses of £6,442 in 2012 compared with £3,029 for women .
progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .
does he believe that , after the riots of last august , and the government ’ s promise to crack down on gangs , things are getting better ?
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
even in high-income countries , 23.2 % of women will suffer physical and/or sexual violence from a partner in their lives , their data from 81 countries shows .
the city is what later evolved to be the center of the byzantine empire -lrb- the greek-speaking roman empire of late antiquity and the middle ages -rrb- under the name of constantinople .
what the job involves : a company will pay an ethical hacker to hack into its computer system to see how well it might stand up to a real attack .
together , they make up networks that represent the meanings of each word we use : life and love , death and taxes , clouds , florida and bra .
we have this sought-after grain being grown in the country , so why can ’ t an ethiopian farmer benefit from this ? ”
in london , they are also creating a 37-screen pop-up cinema , one screen to showcase each of shakespeare ’ s plays , along the south bank .
it ’ s fabulous for us to get this windfall .
the motor is powered by solar panels embedded in the lid .
in the canonical watson-crick base pairing , adenine -lrb- a -rrb- forms a base pair with thymine -lrb- t -rrb- , as does guanine -lrb- g -rrb- with cytosine -lrb- c -rrb- in dna .
apple ’ s competitors have a head start in the market but they are losing huge amounts of money .
the asiatic salamanders -lrb- family hynobiidae -rrb- are primitive salamanders found all over asia , and in european russia .
the company ’ s financial report , released on 6 august , showed net income in the second quarter dropped from $ 37.4m in 2014 to $ 5.8m in 2015 , an 84 % decrease .
the album is named after a song on the album ; a cover of the original by folk singer tom brosseau .
celestus fowleri is a species of lizard in the anguidae family .
the boosh soon produced three stage shows - the mighty boosh -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , arctic boosh -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and autoboosh -lrb- 2000 -rrb- - all of which were taken to the edinburgh fringe .
“ when we came in the next morning and his tank was empty , i was really surprised , ” said yarrell , who has not launched a search for inky .
you ’ re expected to give feedback while it ’ s fresh , so i ’ ve had to get up at 5am to write a report before work .
but these categories – or generic top-level domains ( gtlds ) as they are technically known – are about to undergo the biggest expansion since the start of the worldwide web .
that millennials rely heavily on technology is no secret .
diatomic molecules are molecules composed only of two atoms , of either the same or different chemical elements .
green-shaded teams clinched the remaining ten playoff berths .
for two decades , those estimates have run from 1.5c to 5c : a wide range .
the idea was triggered by the minister for economic renewal arnaud montebourg ’ s call for the public to buy french to save the country ’ s industrial production sector .
among the chief menu misdemeanours was a red salmon 'caviar ' dish that turned out to be the less sumptuous eggs of the flying fish .
“ it is exactly like the preparation for a grand performance. ” a global audience will be watching with interest .
“ that makes it difficult for people with strong opinions about these programmes to fight them .
his team had been vanquished in two consecutive games by the montreal canadiens in 1929 – 30 .
in modern times , the waters are 70 % to 90 % used for human purposes and the flow is much reduced .
david adopted the name bowie to avoid confusion with davy jones of the monkees .
“ otherwise , no devil would have built a city here. ” located 145km inside the arctic circle , kiruna is subject to a brutal climate , enduring winters with no sunlight and average temperatures below -15c .
the daily mile has done so much to improve these children ’ s fitness , behaviour and concentration in lessons that scores of nursery and primary schools across britain are following suit and getting pupils to get up from their desks and take 15 minutes to walk or run round the school or local park .
inevitably , some people will not get around to registering their opposition .
bon jovi 's sixth studio album , these days , was released in june 1995 .
the “ stand with malala ” petition , calling for education for the 57 million children around the world who do not go to school , has attracted more than four million signatures – more than a million having been added shortly after malala ’ s speech .
you have 20kg to 50kg of gear with you – you can ’ t be walking on the beach and decide you want to go in .
“ the regime did manage to set up a ring of steel round damascus , ” a foreign diplomat said .
“ the work i can create , as mayor , is temporary .
kebede says she gets her grain from farms in southern europe , though she would prefer to source it from ethiopia .
the reasons for its success in europe include political stability , burgeoning populations of prey species such as wild deer and financial support for non-lethal livestock protection such as electric fences , which mean that farmers do not resort to shooting wild predators .
“ desperation is such that many women agree to engage in unprotected sex because that way they ’ ll make more money , ” said eleni marini , a british-trained psychologist with kethea .
“ i understand the nature of octopus behaviour very well , ” he said .
but , for the small but growing muslim community of iqaluit , nunavut , life in the land of the midnight sun poses a real challenge during the month of ramadan , during which muslims typically fast from sunrise to sunset .
i just picked it up , ” louise haggerty , a 56-year-old hairdresser and waitress , said of her 1am trip to the black friday sales .
references external links mariano josé de larra in the biblioteca virtual miguel de cervantes .
as the housing crisis bites , a fifth of young adults are staying in the family home until they are at least 26 and the same proportion are not paying a penny towards their keep .
i ’ d like to be sitting in the same spot in the next four years as joe kittinger .
south korea , a surprisingly low 67 on the ageing index , performed worse than similar countries on a gdp-per-head basis , partly because it introduced a pension only recently .
the intergovernmental panel on climate change recently gathered in copenhagen to present its latest report on the impacts and pace of climate change .
the unfortunate coincidence that 31 august to 5 september was world water week , with international delegates arriving in stockholm to discuss the planet ’ s water crisis , has not been lost on some .
it ’ s much more socially acceptable to say 'i am broke .
groups have given way to pages , writing on each other ’ s walls is passé and carefully curated albums have given way to instant mobile uploads .
kievan rus ' ultimately disintegrated and the lands were divided into many small feudal states .
both mothers gave birth at the tambo memorial hospital in boksburg , east of johannesburg , on the same day in 2010 .
every morning , before the temperatures in india ’ s capital start to rise , a handful of old friends gather .
getting enough sleep isn ’ t just a question of valuing sleep enough to go to bed at the right time ; it ’ s a question of going to bed in the right neighbourhood and in the right body .
moore mainly communicates on an ipad now .
programs are currently being undertaken by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .
israel , though subjected to attack by iraqi missiles , refrained from retaliating in order not to provoke arab states into leaving the coalition .
consumption of takeaway food has almost doubled since 1974 , from 80g per person per week to 150g .
rather than relying on facial tics , talking too much or waving of arms – all seen as tell-tale signs of lying – the new method involves monitoring full-body motions to provide an indicator of signs of guilty feelings .
on june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb- , glinde received its town charter .
lisa donovan -lrb- born june 11 , 1981 -rrb- is an american actress and writer .
the rise of ride-sharing services like uber and lyft – essentially taxis booked at the click of a smartphone button – and apps like waze , which uses real-time traffic data to find the quickest routes for drivers , are dramatically changing how people get around and affecting the very way in which traffic moves through a city .
many specialize in machine construction , medical equipment , international trade , optics and electronics .
the gravel roads and muddy puddles that can now be seen online , however , give little sense of life in a land usually covered in snow , which is one reason why google selected the less- hospitable month of march to travel to iqaluit .
i want it next tuesday , ” he confided to the 11,000-strong crowd – typical of the grassroots support that needs to flourish into march 2016 for him to win the nomination , let alone november ’ s general election .
4 facebook has been the tool to organize revolutions though the arab spring was dubbed the twitter revolution , organizing demonstrations and direct action has been revolutionized by facebook .
kelley says the working day should be more forgiving of our natural rhythms .
british american tobacco claimed the larger health warnings demanded by meps went “ well beyond ” what was needed to inform consumers of health risks from smoking , while a ban on mentholated cigarettes would increase demand for black-market goods .
the wanted men were suspected of being in the wombat ranges north of mansfield , victoria .
but that doesn ’ t stop the prices going up .
“ if you get rid of the driver , then they ’ re unemployed , ” said dennis conyon , the south- east director for the uk national taxi association .
maria laughs when asked if she has enough money .
they were built mainly by nations like germany during world war ii to protect important industries from aerial bombardment .
“ there are certainly mooc junkies , who take them for no other reason than they ’ re free and they like hanging out , ” grins dr ben brabon of edgehill university , whose massive open online course in vampire fiction is one of only two accredited moocs currently on offer in the uk .
for the 5,000 or so children born in iceland each year , the committee reportedly receives about 100 applications and rejects about half under a 1996 act aimed mainly at preserving the language of the sagas .
awake is a 2007 suspense thriller written and directed by joby harold .
and so , like seemingly everyone in silicon valley , the 27-year-old venture capitalist has come up with a start-up to fix it : betterboyfriend.me , a service that sends girlfriends and wives a present every month for about $ 70 .
as of 2007 , a maximum of two builders can be inducted in one year .
it would improve cognitive performance , exam results and students ’ health ( sleep deprivation has been linked with diabetes , depression , obesity and an impaired immune system ) .
the canadian tennis player frank dancevic slammed australian open organizers for forcing players to compete in “ inhumane ” conditions after he collapsed on court as temperatures rose to 41c .
he is launching a competitor that is a bit more stylized .
“ you can carry 45kg of shopping .
we can control the environment using the tanks , and we test the water and monitor it constantly. ” sheehy hopes to replicate the model throughout liberia and the region .
he was wearing a specially designed survival suit that kept his body intact against the hugely varying pressures that marked his drop back to earth .
a degree in spanish got me my ﬁrst job as a journalist , with an international press agency in mexico city , but it didn ’ t prevent me blundering badly as a rookie reporter .
in sweden , france and italy , streaming is already more popular than downloading .
during the 1980s and 1990s , the university devoted substantial resources to renovating its massive hospital complex and improving the academic facilities on the north campus .
facebook is the biggest riser in the chart , increasing its brand value by 86 % to $ 14.3bn and taking 29th place in the table , ahead of longstanding global corporate names such as volkswagen , kellogg ’ s and ford .
drawing on household panel surveys , the report found that , in parts of rural kenya and in south africa , 30 to 40 % of those who escaped from poverty fell back , rising to 60 % in some areas of ethiopia between 1999 and 2009 .
it can also help reduce carbon emissions and traffic congestion and allow more people access to cars .
bedroom bondage games often constitute foreplay .
the control group , who trained for five hours every week , also improved their vo 2 max , but by 10 % – and their training had no effect on anaerobic capacity .
worst part of the job : “ the unsociable hours , ” says ryan .
that turns out to tell truth from lies over 70 % of the time and we believe it can be improved still further by combining it with optimal questioning techniques. ” another advantage is that total body motion is relatively unaffected by cultural background , anxiety and cognitive load ( how much you are thinking ) , which confound other lie-detection technologies , anderson said .
to a master traditional navigator like tua pittman from raratonga in the cook islands , a canoe is much more than just a means of transport .
the announcement was made jointly by carney and the artist tracey emin , who grew up in the town .
i wonder what they contributed to the banking industry more than i did to merit a £1m bonus .
the album featured a greater creative input from the quartet , although they still relied on a heavyweight production crew including rodney jerkins , missy elliott , chad elliot , and dwayne wiggins of tony !
in 2005 ewen joined the r & b group trinity stone which achieved limited success in the uk , ireland , and russia .
looking at voluntary breath-holding , it turns out that we ’ re certainly not unique among non-aquatic mammals in being able to hold our breath .
pop pervades , not that there ’ s anything wrong with pop .
in 1998 , she contributed back-up vocals for the refugee camp 's " it 's too late " , a carroll king cover .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
but the gulf remains glaringly apparent .
law of independent assortment -lrb- the " second law " -rrb- the law of independent assortment , also known as " inheritance law " , states that alleles of different genes assort independently of one another during gamete formation .
speaking over his shoulder , obama replied , “ no. ” earlier , the republican senator mike lee had struck a defiant tone , perhaps indicating more trouble ahead : “ the media keeps asking : 'was it worth it ? '
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
daikokuten evolved from the indian deity , shiva .
but , now the football is well and truly under way , visiting supporters are determined to enjoy the experience .
the latest figures highlighting the inequitable nature of pay in british business led to calls for action from campaigners on workplace equality .
boehner , in a statement , sounded conciliatory .
neither the us nor russia had the capability to bring down such objects , he added .
thus from white oak , he went to princeton , where he worked on his equilibrium theory .
if you do not accept that the early closure was a good thing please ask the editor who closed it to reverse their actions .
it may have to do with different numbering systems .
in one experiment , taff told participants who visited his lab to give an impromptu talk that would be judged by researchers standing behind a one-way mirror .
that was 1977 but , in 2015 , as the franchise approaches its seventh big-screen instalment , interest in star wars shows no sign of abating – now , there is news of a new film about han solo and of a reappearance for darth vader .
hannah , a 41-year-old city lawyer , has conducted nearly 500 visits for the mystery dining company in her spare time without receiving remuneration or travel expenses .
recycling companies purchase wecyclers ’ sorted waste for reprocessing into products – they turn it into mattresses , pillows and trash bags .
primeval redwood forests , coastal mangrove stands , sphagnum bogs , desert soil crusts , roadside weed patches , wheat fields , cultivated gardens and lawns ; all are encompassed by the term vegetation .
“ such activities for purely mercantile ends have nothing to do with creativity. ” delacourt has tried explaining that he chose to reference johansson because she is “ the archetype of beauty today. ” he said : “ i wrote a work of fiction .
as demand for coal slipped following world war ii , mines began to close across the region , causing mass unemployment .
“ sometimes they live in them and sometimes they don ’ t . ”
he earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28 page dissertation on non-cooperative games .
“ it is not as if you can argue to the politicians that wolves are a big tourist attraction .
one of the class , 84-year-old former teacher winnie robertson , thinks the secret to staying fit is never letting yourself go : “ use it or lose it , that ’ s what i say. ” allen still plays the piano and gives speeches .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , in any way whatsoever , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
the bells of lüdinghausen allegedly chimed by themselves , whenever liudger entered the town .
in a statement , kensington palace said : “ her royal highness the duchess of cambridge was safely delivered of a son at 4.24pm .
the other half , who knows if they come or not ? ” the multimillion-pound wrecks are evidence of a property culture in which the world ’ s richest people see british property as investments .
according to an interview in the uk newspaper the sun , heyman wrote the brand 's weekly scripts and submitted them to writers for possible changes , and then vince mcmahon for final approval .
“ about one person every week dies in wales while on a waiting list .
when you take part of the land ( for oil ) , you put more pressure on the rest .
during the early 1960s , love first crossed paths with jim henson through don sahlin , who urged him to meet with henson .
the scientists have created an interactive website where the public can explore the brain atlas .
an even larger terminal to be sited nearby is also being promoted .
the bill had passed easily with broad bipartisan support in the senate , where democratic and republican leaders forged the agreement .
you can go now .
the gradual loosening of the long diplomatic and trade freeze between the us and cuba is expected to bring american tech giants such as google and apple into the cuban market as soon as they are permitted .
she first rose to prominence as an academic , barrister , campaigner and member of the irish senate -lrb- 1969 – 1989 -rrb- .
“ here , lots of people live in a single room because they can ’ t pay the rent. ” she says some families with up to five children are crammed into basements and still pay more than $ 1,000 a month in rent .
although it is by no means certain that the bones found at the tower centuries later are theirs , there may be more dna detective work to be done there .
however , in the midst of his reality tour in 2004 , bowie was stricken with chest pains while performing in germany and underwent emergency surgery in hamburg to clear a blocked artery .
bonham carter will be starring alongside matthew macfadyen and denis lawson .
however , live radio and print-based media have all but disappeared from their daily diet .
it is in extremely good condition. ” researchers believe erdmann ’ s grandfather , richard platz , threw the bottle in the sea while on a hike with a nature appreciation group in 1913 .
there are a further 56,000 asylum seekers waiting for their claim to a french safe haven to be processed – the second highest number in europe – while , in the uk , there are 36,000 .
“ this is a powerful symbol for rjukan , ” bergsland says , and , helped by assorted government grants and a donation from a local business , the town needed to find just 1m krone – £100,000 – of the mirrors ’ total 5m-krone cost .
“ when i ’ m drumming with them , it gives me power because we ’ re still alive and survivors. ” the popular eatery features in a documentary by rob and lisa fruchtman , sibling film-makers .
fewer and fewer new anti-microbial drugs are emerging from their production lines .
this led scientists to re-examine the old photos again , and the satellite was finally found in the images .
over the weekend , men could be seen puffing on water pipes in a palm-shaded park , children playing between the flowerbeds and couples chatting on benches as the unmistakable thunderclap of high explosive could be heard a few miles away – smoke rising between the minarets of a nearby ottoman-era mosque .
for scale , the images are so detailed that , if the craft were flying over london , we would be able to pick out the runways at heathrow airport .
the group ’ s founder is elin carlsson , 25 , who paints cars at the volvo factory outside the city .
he took the post of chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .
others are not so sure : technical progress past this point isn ’ t merely a matter of invention ; it ’ s a matter of public safety .
geography libourne is located at the confluence of the isle and dordogne rivers .
spandau was given city rights in 1232 .
when the rat pressed the lever , an electronic version of its brain activity was sent directly to the other rat ’ s brain .
“ these experiments showed that we have established a sophisticated , direct communication linkage between brains , ” nicolelis said in a statement .
the uk has made progress in the past ten years , after a concerted campaign to reduce wastage .
the park might become like the niger delta .
france is already home to more than a quarter of a million refugees , according to united nations data – the country has taken in more than twice as many as the uk , even though the countries have similar populations .
only one escaped with his life .
he was one of the most influential madrigalist in the middle of the 16th century .
“ i got two coffee makers , two tablets , two tvs and a stereo , ” he said .
“ if a caterer thinks somebody is just avoiding a food because they don ’ t want to get bloated , they may be less careful .
' ” but it isn ’ t just students who would benefit from a later start .
some of his aggressive actions , now sometimes termed liberal interventionist , were greatly controversial at the time , and remain so today .
i do not think of quinn in a romantic light in the least .
three months before the accident , i had opened a health-food shop but i had to let it go because i could no longer work .
this advanced protocol will not work with some older network cards .
this may mean vapers will have to increase their usage to obtain the same hit , again something that may make e-cigarettes more expensive .
jefferies saw global numbers peak at 1.05bn a month in january , before falling by 20m in february .
ban became actively involved in issues relating to inter-korean relationships .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but had limited classroom adoption .
during his tour , the apaches flew missions supporting nato troops fighting the taliban and accompanied british chinook and us black hawk medical helicopters during casualty evacuations .
colin powell , a long time advocate , has recommended a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar -rrb- , duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- , and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- .
in other words , there could be a false association of what you have in your mind rather than what is happening to you. ” he added : “ our study showed that the false memory and the genuine memory are based on very similar , almost identical , brain mechanisms .
a similar provision can be seen today at château de tarascon .
however , i never get more than £30 of that money after it has been shared out .
while sleep is currently enjoying a moment , it will probably be short-lived .
the son of a friend of mine who didn ’ t study much has ended up in london and he ’ s really finding his way .
in poland , we also have a massive overpopulation of wild boar – about 200,000 – and these are ravaging farmers ’ cereal crops .
it is all part of the experience brooks needs to acquire before he is trusted with more high-profile games , the different problems that need dealing with – often , clubs are very reluctant to have a late postponement , particularly when they have to pay all the staff who have turned up but will not receive any gate money .
but , the survey suggests there are also some issues where people are not as worried as they should be .
“ i couldn ’ t tell you the prices but i know they ’ re bargains. ” but his mate henry fischer , a 19-year-old student , wasn ’ t as successful .
but on the issue of tourism , the two are united .
when that is finished , the former hotel worker whose work getting the school off the ground is remembered in its unofficial name – everyone in the camp just calls it “ zimarco ’ s school ” – has more dreams for making the camp a place to live , not just survive .
jordan axani , a 28-year-old toronto real-estate developer turned charity founder , made it back to canada with elizabeth quinn gallagher but said the pair had “ forged a brother-sister-like relationship ” .
about 1.4bn hectares , or close to 30 % of available agricultural land , is used to grow or farm food that is subsequently wasted .
impoverished by the collapse of america ’ s car industry , the city is struggling to build a system to cope .
now it ’ s actually here , people love it . ”
this propaganda did not convince the original inquiry , which ruled as quickly as august 1989 that the police stories of fan drunkenness and misbehaviour were false , and criticized the police for making the claims .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
“ maybe , in the next 20 years , you ’ ll be able to buy a cheap ticket , just go for a little visit . ”
but bowie was already planning fresh career moves .
it has been dramatic in latin america , for instance , where countries like brazil and paraguay had life expectancy of below 30 in 1970 and almost 64 in 2010 .
it grows to up to 20 m , although it is typically more stunted in its native environment .
“ accell has great expectations about e-bikes in north america , ” currie ’ s larry pizzi says .
the new who clinical and policy guidelines recommend training for healthcare staff in recognizing the signs of domestic violence and sexual assault , but they rule out general screening – there is not a case for asking every woman who arrives in a clinic whether she has been subjected to violence .
“ there ’ s lots to remember and sometimes it can detract from the experience .
the ruling may also make it possible for victims of colonial atrocities in other parts of the world to sue .
us cities perform relatively poorly in the study , largely because of issues around personal safety and crime .
fellow automotive customizer darryl starbird purchased the vehicle from roth in 1967 for us $ 750.00 .
it ’ s particularly true for those like karim who have determinedly followed the local sunrise and sunset .
“ we originally went with the prevailing opinion but there has been a shift as we have become more empirical .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
“ one of the boyfriends wrote to me and said , 'listen , dude , she ’ s not mad but cynthia found out'. ” about 50 % of the women betterboyfriend.me deliver packages to know about his involvement in their relationships : “ it ’ s correlated with age .
as the guest of a british charity , the wolves and humans foundation , mysłajek toured the scottish highlands in 2015 and took questions from villagers about the polish experience .
it ’ s about allowing them the dignity of not having to ask a friend for money or place burdens on families that can not do it , ” he said .
one poll shows his support among republicans down by 12 points – although , at 31 % , he still leads the field .
in the spirit of focusing on what can be done , sustainia award , chaired by arnold schwarzenegger , celebrated ten leading sustainability solutions deployed in 84 countries .
in 2010 , the mental health foundation found loneliness to be a greater concern among young people than the elderly .
it originated as the title of independent princes of wales in the 12th and 13th centuries .
the village phone -lrb- polli phone -rrb- project of gp has brought cell-phone ownership to 260,000 rural poor in over 50,000 villages since the beginning of the project in march 1997 .
having disappointed many supporters in his first term , he is looking now to establish a legacy that will transform him from a middling president into a great one .
the hotel okura chain – whose guests have included barack obama – confessed myriad sins , including injecting beef with fat to make it juicier and incorrectly describing tomatoes as organic .
food and fuel are already more expensive than on the mainland , there are no economies of scale and little economic flexibility on an island which , even in summer , has only three shops , two restaurants and not a single official hotel .
on april 7 , 2004 , messing gave birth to their son , roman walker zelman .
wealthy white women .
aircraft fuel packs in a remarkable amount of energy .
in romeva ’ s view , the project is also at fault because the proposed site has too little water in a town that already suffers from shortages in the summer weather that scorches the southern spanish region of andalusía .
so social media , which can open you up to the scrutiny and analysis of others , is not that appealing to her .
anglo-saxon buildings in britain were generally simple , constructed mainly using timber with thatch for roofing .
people were behaving like animals – it was horrible , ” she said .
just wait until they see what a levant is like , ” said henning mayer , who has regularly made the journey from augsburg in germany for 20 years .
i was in hospital for five days , in a back brace for several weeks and off work for five months with limited mobility , stiffness and pain .
all these people on the pier were staring down at me open-mouthed .
he was in rome to be told the date for a canonization in which he has played a leading role .
but it is in the us , where mcdonald ’ s has around 40 % of its restaurants , where the crisis runs deepest .
asked whether he felt more comfortable being captain wales than prince harry , his reply was one of the most revealing he has given about his relationship with prince charles .
“ it has to generate not just employment but decent jobs , not just insecure low-paying jobs .
having persuaded clerc to accompany him , gallaudet sailed back to america .
its uk chief executive , david nussbaum , said : “ the scale of the destruction highlighted in this report should act as a wake-up call for us all .
diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms , having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with contaminated surfaces such as the ground , toys , sidewalks , dog parks .
in 2005 , stallone also inducted wrestling icon hulk hogan , who appeared in rocky iii as a wrestler named thunderlips , into the wwe hall of fame ; stallone was also the person who offered hogan the cameo in rocky iii .
the concept was pioneered in an aircraft hangar outside amsterdam and has proved hugely successful .
joe jensen , of intel ’ s retail solutions division , says that the aim of bringing realsense technology into shops is not to create databases of specific people ’ s lives but rather to build generalized models of people ’ s lifestyles and shopping habits .
when animals or people freerun , experiments can be done to see what sort of signals , known as zeitgeber , are effective in entrainment .
they are afraid of women .
organizers said temperatures peaked at 42.2c in the early evening on tuesday and conditions had never reached the point where play would be stopped .
by analysing the style and size of people ’ s footwear as they walk past the sensor , the system can identify a customer ’ s gender with between 75 and 80 % accuracy .
“ virunga ’ s rich natural resources are for the benefit of the congolese people , not for foreign oil prospectors to drain away .
but , on the afternoon i visit allen ’ s class at a church hall in saltburn-by-the-sea near middlesbrough , slices of fruitcake are being passed around during the break .
the global figure for women attacked by partners was 30 % .
the subsequent campaigns were more or less successful , and the imperial exarchate was established in ravenna to oversee italy , though actually imperial influence was often limited .
and , there has been a deficit since the 1930s .
the problem is global but manifests itself in very different ways .
several versions of the protocol exist ; versions 1 3 occurred only internally at mit .
downloads still hold the biggest share of digital income for recorded music , making up 52 % of total digital income in 2014 according to ifpi numbers .
as much as it ’ s easy to say the conditions are safe , it only takes one bad thing to happen .
the authorities in beijing say the “ shangri-la ” label belongs to a region in yunnan province , although it was only renamed as such in 2001 ( long after the hotel group was formed ) so that the local community could cash in on the fame of the fictional paradise depicted in the novel , lost horizon , by british author james hilton .
the plays would scarcely have survived if his friends and fellow actors had not gathered together every scrap of every play they could find – drafts , prompt scripts , scribbled actors ’ parts and 17 plays not known in any other version – into the precious first folio published in 1623 , seven years after shakespeare ’ s death .
a first language -lrb- also mother tongue , native language , arterial language , or l1 -rrb- is the language a human being learns from birth .
demographics the population of the city is now largely made up of the descendants of laborers who were hired for labor from india in the 19th century .
they had extensive maritime trade contacts with the roman empire .
like a spotlight. ” heidi fieldheim says she heard all about it on the radio .
more than 250 conservationists and wildlife experts worked on the survey , which cost about £250,000 .
everyone ’ s wearing the same uniform and doing the same kind of thing .
it also annoys him that he ’ s not seen as a good role model for inventors and engineers .
more than 80 % list their interests , allowing brands to target them most effectively .
fourteen men had been charged in may 2015 , when four additional guilty pleas were entered .
but mckinlay , a satellite communication and navigation consultant , believes that we should be wary of leaving our navigational needs to our devices .
“ legislative measures are limited. ” when the children have missed starting school at five years old , it is a race against time to prevent them from growing up without an education .
it was released on january 21 , 2003 and garnered dvdx awards for best animated feature , best director , best editing , and best musical score .
“ it is now clear that music streaming and subscription is a mainstream model for our business , ” said ifpi chief executive , frances moore .
cloud nine is the vast , towering cumulonimbus , so to be “ on cloud nine ” implies being on top of the world .
to make anything cool requires what engineers call a heat sink : somewhere to dump unwanted heat .
another surprise ﬁ nding was that the man had blue eyes .
but , like many fans , they said they loved the atmosphere , if not the logistics , of this tournament which has got off to a spectacular start on the pitch .
over the past 18 years , 10 % of millionaires have bought a caravan , generating sales worth about £7.4m .
even though classmates post about parties and events on facebook , they make sure to send him a text message , too , he said .
most of the rallies appeared to start peacefully until they confronted the security forces , who are largely organized at a regional level .
another democratic member of the committee , ron wyden , said the bill maintains “ business as usual ” and “ remains far from anything that could be considered meaningful reform ” .
all this will take money and the report says one obvious implication is that stronger domestic tax systems and greater tax revenues will be required .
“ it ’ s something uniting people here , ” kalisa migendo , a 24-year-old agriculture student , says .
the resulting study , the joys and dilemmas of wealth , was 500 pages long and seemed to prove the old adage that money can ’ t buy happiness .
“ someone else who is also a billionaire – they don ’ t want anything from you .
typical salary : new graduates start at £25,000 to £30,000 and quickly progress to junior engineer roles , earning more than £40,000 with just a few years ’ experience .
a thick crust of bird droppings is piled on the gilded balustrade of one of britain ’ s most expensive properties .
the beginning of the year is probably prime-time for feeling glum about work : it ’ s ages until the next holiday , and it ’ s dark in the morning and when you get home .
in 2012 , the fao published a list of 1,909 edible species of insect and , with sponsorship from the dutch government plans a major international conference on “ this valuable food source ” in 2013 .
one view is that the fight for syria ’ s capital is coming , but not quite yet – in the summer perhaps , some predict , when the rebels have consolidated their gains in the south .
“ if they put it in the centre of tarifa , where there is space , then clients could visit shops , tapas bars and restaurants. ” overlooking the green fields earmarked for building , biologist aitor galán , who conducts environmental impact studies for a living , pointed at one of only two seaside breeding grounds for vultures in europe .
its symbol is " $ " , with " rd $ " used when distinction from other pesos -lrb- or dollars -rrb- is required ; its iso 4217 code is " dop " .
the uk will have to go some way to eclipse northern chile , which boasts more than a dozen tourist observatories and has some of the clearest skies in the world .
it peaked at # 3 in the uk singles chart .
“ there ’ s going to come a time when people are going to have to get out of their way. ” changing weather patterns are also having an impact on tourism .
leizu shared her discoveries with others and the knowledge became widespread in china .
what mattered was that helena costa had been given the top job , a move that saw her make football history by becoming the first female manager to be appointed in the highest two divisions of any professional european league .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
a glimpse of an answer appears on the face of lee swabey moments after he blows the final whistle of a 2 –1 win for grimsby over woking , a match at level 5 of the english league system .
i made my peace with her .
brooks phoned his coach for advice and made the difficult but correct decision .
it made sense , though .
the wheel of a ship is the modern method of adjusting the angle of the rudder , in turn changing the direction of the boat or ship .
the erotian surface gravity varies greatly , since eros is not a sphere but an elongated peanut-shaped -lrb- or potato- or shoe-shaped -rrb- object .
in addition to selling conventional merchandise , j. c. penney stores often house several leased departments such as sephora , optical , portrait studios , jewelry & watch repair , etc .
“ basically there will be no such thing as the perfect murder any more as a virtual autopsy allows you to find every piece of evidence , ” he said .
frederick had a summer residence built there for sophie charlotte by the architect johann arnold nering between 1695 and 1699 .
that ’ s not a hard problem for an engineer to fix ; it ’ s just that the fix isn ’ t yet an industry standard .
in conceptual summary , a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal ; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal .
this coincides well with the nara period -lrb- 710-794 -rrb- .
the silicon valley firm , already the world ’ s biggest company – with a stock market valuation of $ 591bn – has seen its brand value increase by 21 % in 12 months , according to the closely followed interbrand best global brands annual report .
“ the first one we did was in 2012 , creative colouring for grown-ups .
unfortunately for the indonesian capital , it has pumped out so much groundwater to support its population that the land above is drying out and compacting , thereby creating a bowl .
the geographers also estimate that the site intrudes on two wildlife conservation areas .
but even they now seem largely won over .
in july 1969 , bowie released space oddity , the song that would give him his initial commercial breakthrough .
paris has tumbled down the league , falling ten places to 37th , just ahead of london at 39th , almost entirely because of the city ’ s vulnerability to terrorist attacks .
it was an excellent collection that met with only moderate success but that all changed with the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars later that year .
likewise , the californian resort of rancho mirage , near palm springs , may have to be abandoned in the next decade .
“ in my lab , i can tell you all about this wolf – not only its diet but its gender , sexual habits , age , state of health and family connections. ” dna tests have established that polish wolves are travellers .
linda mcavan , labour mep for yorkshire and the humber and spokesperson on tobacco issues for the parliament ’ s socialists & democrats group , said : “ we know that it is children , not adults , who start smoking .
british consumers throw away 4.2m tonnes of edible food each year .
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
in my case , i have always found languages easy enough , apart from the numbers .
she was britain ’ s first woman prime minister .
some were interviewed about a computer game never end , which they played for seven minutes , while others lied about playing it , having only been shown notes about it .
and i just thought : 'you shouldn ’ t be ashamed of this .
she said : “ we can no longer pretend that the creation of wealth for a few will inevitably benefit the many – too often the reverse is true. ” the report said the issue affected all parts of the world .
the results were startling .
in 1871 the fortification received an additional barracks .
it doesn ’ t reappear until 12 march .
the miss usa beauty contest has been held annually since 1952 to select the united states entrant in the miss universe pageant .
the river originates from lulusar lake , nearly 48km from naran valley .
yet , how low-key and understated , to slave over a manuscript that nobody will ever pat you on the back for and say : ‘ nice one ’ or ‘ god , i loved the bit where she did that and he did this ... ’ ” mitchell wrote in a piece for the future library .
ironically , this antagonistic relationship between rick and vyvyan makes them virtually inseparable , as the two spend by far more time together than with the other housemates .
when disagreement occurs , explain yourself using talk pages , and give others the opportunity to do the same .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .
perhaps , in the past , an estate and house defined and supported the family and their lifestyle but , today , it is quite the reverse : the challenge is how geordie and i seek to support and look after highclere .
clinical trials with als patients showed that riluzole lengthens survival by several months , and may have a greater survival benefit for those with a bulbar onset .
in 1855 parts of nash county , edgecombe county , johnston county , and wayne county were combined to form wilson county , north carolina .
“ the place is lovely .
the system seems better in france , where they don ’ t tip much but waiting tables is seen as a proper job , offering job security and a decent income .
president vladimir putin and the prime minister , dmitry medvedev , were informed about the incident , and putin convened a meeting with the head of the emergency situations ministry .
i wish them and their son all happiness and good health. ” the campaign group , republic , which launched its born equal initiative calling for every child to be born equal in political status and rights , said the royal birth raised questions about britain and democratic values .
since there is very little in the atmosphere that absorbs at that wavelength , the heat passes straight out to space .
the term dakshinachara -lrb- right-hand path -rrb- is used to refer to tantric sects that do not engage in these heterodox practices .
nyingi , who was detained for about nine years , beaten unconscious and bears the marks from leg manacles , whipping and caning , said : “ for me … i just wanted the truth to be out .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
and they ’ d say , 'mike bloomfield ' or 'eric clapton ' .
cale 's story : the adventures of cale , ending with the beginning of the film .
the inner eyewall dissipated as a 23 mile -lrb- 37 km -rrb- outer eyewall became dominant , and concurrently the overall organization of the hurricane improved .
one waiter , who doesn ’ t work for pizzaexpress but has worked for 11 years for another restaurant chain , said that at least a third of his income is from tips .
apps rise and fall like fireworks .
“ the costs are huge – unnecessary actions for some and not enough action for those whose lives depend on it. ” experts fear that restaurants and caterers are seeing so many people claiming they have allergies ( which can be dangerous for the individual ) , when in fact they have a food intolerance ( which is not ) , that they may not take all the precautions they should when serving a person who has a genuine allergy .
the results showed that the retired taxi drivers performed worse on navigation tests than those still behind the wheel .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
eventually , this also expanded the realm of " just say no " to violence , premarital sex , and any other " vices " that young people might try .
the project has now grown into the grow2feed liberia fish farm , with 12 tanks , which , when fully stocked , will each have 5,000 fish – providing up to 200,000 fish per year , serving a community of 1,200 predominantly hiv-positive people , including king and his family .
the following is a list of the 339 communes of the ardèche département in france .
however , after a six-year break , eon installed martin campbell in the chair : another experienced british director but one who was able to orchestrate one of the most elaborate stunts in bond history .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
gallagher had made it clear before the trip that she had a “ pretty serious ” boyfriend but that had not stopped romantics , and journalists , from hoping the globetrotters might fall for one another .
tv presenters like brian cox have attracted a new generation of stargazers .
she said a nearby dormitory building for college students was particularly badly affected and many of the students were brought in suffering from fright .
punt road underpasses directly under the station via a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue .
unfortunately , the bill passed by the senate intelligence committee does not go far enough to address the nsa ’ s overreaching domestic surveillance programmes , ” udall said .
they claimed to have survived for nine months at sea on a diet of rainwater , raw fish and seabirds , with their hope kept alive by reading the bible .
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .
americans think that 33 % of their population are immigrants , when in fact it is only 14 % .
“ the buzz , ” as he calls it , of a game that passes smoothly , is something he loves .
it ’ s not usual to have iftar [ the meal breaking the fast ] when the sun is up , ” he said .
starting with margaret atwood , who handed over the manuscript of a text called scribbler moon in 2015 , each year for the next 100 years , an author will deliver a piece of writing that will only be read in 2114 , when the trees are chopped down to make paper on which the 100 texts will be printed .
the foreign office acknowledged that the ruling had “ potentially significant and far-reaching legal implications ” , and said it was planning to appeal .
in 1999 , she was named as the coach of viterbese in the men ’ s serie c1 .
in 1998 , he performed opposite uma thurman in the off-broadway production of le misanthrope .
it was premiered in wagner 's bayreuth festival as part of the complete cycle on 14 august 1876 .
and his work will now feature on another 2bn works of art – our new £20 notes. ” “ the fact that we will have turner on the £20 note shows now that the british people are a nation of people who appreciate creativity and appreciate the arts , ” said emin .
zurich in switzerland is named by mercer as having the world ’ s second highest quality of life but the viennese say their city is far more fun .
and , each single word lights up many different brain spots .
the participation of the internet companies in prism will add to the debate about the scale of surveillance by the intelligence services .
a panamanian fisherman sued princess cruises in 2012 after one of their ships ignored cries for help from him and two companions who were stranded in their broken boat .
the four-page ruling , which only affects mondadori magazines france , closer ’ s publisher , also ordered it to pay €2,000 in legal costs .
the first leg took the islanders to samoa , then fiji , vanuatu and onto the gold coast , before heading south to sydney .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
relatives of 24 unarmed rubber plantation workers massacred by british troops are currently fighting through the british courts for a public inquiry .
tonnerre yaoundé are a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- club based in yaoundé , cameroon .
ageing is no fun , she admits , reading me a few lines from a poem she has written called 'that beast called age ' .
to put that in context , the entire global worth of recorded music in 2014 was just under $ 15bn .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
sportswear -lrb- or active attire -rrb- is clothing , including footwear , worn for sport or exercise .
since then , documentation of saffron 's use over the span of 4,000 years in the treatment of some 90 illnesses has been uncovered .
he was brought in as a guitarist following josh brainard 's departure and is the last member of the band 's current line-up to have joined .
guillaume chapron from sweden ’ s university of agricultural sciences and researchers across europe found wolves , in some cases , living in suburban areas alongside up to 3,050 people per square kilometre – higher than the population density of cambridge or newcastle .
from 1918 to 1920 the province was under the administration of the democratic republic of armenia as the vanand province -lrb- with the city of kars as its capital -rrb- .
it ’ s really unfair that tips go towards breakages made by customers .
a spokesman for the bpi , the record industry trade body , said : “ mike weatherley is a strong champion of copyright and the artists and creative producers it ’ s there to protect .
“ we are not an oil producer .
hearing that subtle click is harder if there ’ s a lot of noise around you. ” the researchers used underwater microphones to measure the noise created by about 1,600 individual ships as they passed through haro strait , in washington state .
the team discusses the prospect of seeing the northern lights but fildes is doubtful .
the islands are considered australian territory and are administered from thursday island .
electra welcomes the idea of going to argos with idamante .
actor verne troyer used milk , again citing environmental reasons .
the condition affects individuals in different ways , but is characterized by difficulties in social interaction and communication .
it is all coming to the forefront now , ” he added .
“ doñana already faces a great number of threats , but now they want to bring back the very cause of its near-undoing 16 years ago .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb- .
serbian ruler stefan nemanja begins his sole reign .
overview it was contested by 12 teams , and sk admira wien won the championship .
“ we are all in favour of anything that makes the referee ’ s job better and makes them more effective on the field of play , ” says riley .
according to the us arrest requests , they are suspected of accepting bribes of millions of dollars ” .
“ the bolivian move is inspirational and groundbreaking , ” said danny kushlick , head of external affairs at the transform drug policy foundation , which promotes drug liberalization .
the station , and all trains serving it , are operated by national express east anglia .
he also laid to rest a long-running rock ’ n ’ roll mystery : why elvis presley never performed outside north america .
the technique is credited to albert humphrey , who led a convention at stanford university in the 1960s and 1970s using data from fortune 500 companies .
plants produce many of their antioxidant compounds to fight back against pest attacks , so the higher levels in organic crops may result from their lack of protection by chemical sprays .
cash is another commodity that may be packaged together with contracts and / or draft picks to complete a trade .
in 2011 , bolivia – whose president , evo morales , is a former coca producer – formally notified the un of its withdrawal from the convention .
“ vienna has ranked top in the last seven published rankings , ” said mercer .
springville is a city in linn county , iowa , united states .
basford ’ s titles are in second and eighth place – that ’ s half of amazon.co.uk ’ s top ten taken up by colouring books for adults .
in inuvik , where much of the population is inuit , the muslim community has sought to strike a balance between ramadan and the local culture and traditions .
in the absence of death registries or medical records , they have been willing , for instance , to take evidence from verbal autopsies – deciding the cause of death by an interview with the family .
the movie and subsequent additions to the franchise .
a further criticism is that the differences seen may result from different climates , soil types and crop varieties , and not from organic farming , though the researchers argue that combining many studies should average out these other differences .
“ leifert has had a lot of disagreements with a lot of people. ” sanders added the research showed organic cereals have less protein than conventional crops .
lord carnarvon said then : “ it was just after the banking crisis and it was gloom in all directions .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
bartolo believes that the count has been arrested , but almaviva only has to mention his name to the officer to be released .
14 volcanic fallout air travel can be cancelled by volcanic activity .
the newest bigbelly bins include a wireless monitoring system that notifies rubbish collectors when the bins are full .
the strengthening trend abated early on july 8 , due to wind shear , and bertha rapidly weakened back to a category 1 hurricane that afternoon .
the longer you wait , the more traumatic it will be .
it is tempting to go to an alternative therapist who will do a single test and provide a quick , but inaccurate , answer .
periodically , the algae is harvested from the walls and fermented in a biogas plant to produce electricity .
electric bikes make commuting more practical – and fun – by easing worry about hills , headwinds , fatigue and sweat .
brazil said its views were endorsed last month by other members of the amazon cooperation treaty ( bolivia , colombia , ecuador , guyana , suriname and venezuela ) .
the vanilla beans and cocoa are imported .
more than 25,000 kilos of dead fish were collected in the aftermath and nearly 2,000 adult birds , chicks , eggs and nests were killed or destroyed .
in march 1970 , bowie married art student , angela barnett .
in may 2015 , schools were directed to make sure students attended yoga events timed to coincide with the big demonstration in delhi , even though it is being held on a sunday .
“ we ’ re closing the gap , ” singh said .
“ the members of the community live near the farm , and have agreed to be part of the co-operative , ” said sheehy .
solar thermal power plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .
“ i don ’ t think that about anybody , ” he says .
other mario sports games include the camelot-developed series mario golf and mario tennis , and , respectively , the baseball and soccer games mario superstar baseball and super mario strikers .
one part of the brain , for example , reliably responds to the word “ top ” , along with other words that describe clothing .
“ i remember , the first time i came , margaret said : 'who ’ s that huffing and panting ? '
the bulk of the money went on property , with £2.72bn spent on winners ’ main properties , and £170m in paying off existing debt and mortgages .
total has committed to respecting virunga ’ s current boundary , leaving uk-based soco as the only oil company with plans to explore inside the park .
the new law will work by clarifying people ’ s wishes around the issue of organ donation and , in turn , increase the rate of consent to donation .
“ we call it a living container , ” says boer .
in december 2012 , it launched a euro and a sterling service to get a foothold this side of the atlantic and says britain is its third biggest market .
“ it is possible that this approach could be used to decode information about what words a person is hearing , reading or possibly even thinking , ” said alexander huth , the first author on the study .
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .
16 forget electric planes when we see ultra-light , experimental , electric planes , it ’ s easy to assume there will soon be clean , green , electric airliners , but it won ’ t happen any time soon .
the typical swimmer can hold their breath for about 40 seconds while underwater , he says .
the frenzy began when the hankyu-hanshin hotel chain , based in osaka , admitted it had given false descriptions of dozens of menu items at some of its restaurants between 2006 and october 2013 , affecting an estimated 78,000 diners .
i don ’ t check it or anything like that. ” the most activity it sees is when his two sisters tag him in family photos .
despite cutting ticket prices and spending $ 10m on the marketing blitz , which features its veterinarians caring for whales , seaworld ceo joel manby was forced to admit that the company is still struggling to convince the public that it treats its whales well .
reflecting the importance of social networks in spreading the message about the protests , some in são paulo – where numbers were estimated at between 30,000 and 100,000 – carried banners declaring “ we come from facebook ” .
opponents of the complex say the last thing anyone needs is more housing in a country that already has a million empty homes , although the central government last week proposed a sell-off by granting non-spaniards residency permits in return for buying property worth at least €160,000 .
“ but , ” he said , for that to be the case , “ one would need to invoke some new dimension to the problem involving a major missing ingredient for which we currently have no evidence .
he was holidaying in germany the following summer when world war i broke out .
richard branson said the idea was not working .
tigers are more numerous in nepal than at any time since the 1970s , a new census has revealed , giving conservationists hope that the big cats , whose numbers have been dropping across south asia for 100 years , can be saved .
instead of reaching for the scalpel and making the y-shaped incision in the chest with which a traditional autopsy begins , pathologists are now able to examine the corpse in 3-d via computer screens .
the duke and duchess of cambridge won the first round in their battle for privacy on tuesday when a french magazine was banned from selling or reusing images taken of the couple at a private chateau in provence .
initially the units were coupled cab-to-cab but it was found more practical to couple master nose to slave cab .
her follow-up single " girlfriend " also debuted at number one and her first album , honey to the b -lrb- released immediately afterwards -rrb- debuted at number 14 in the uk album charts .
he recalls a drug addict he befriended who , to his dismay , kept returning .
whereas , in 2009 , locally made suvs were shown off by the wealthy , now only foreign cars will turn heads .
“ the beskidy pack is a strong unit , eight or nine individuals .
packaged instant soups come in several varieties : a packet of dry soup stock -lrb- like the ramen image below -rrb- .
brazil and peru have lodged objections to a bid made by the us e-commerce giant for a prime new piece of cyberspace : “ .amazon ” .
the classroom is one of 23 urban development centres that sohay has set up across the capital .
so , what else could you be doing instead ?
i can average around £60 in tips per shift but , on a good night , this goes up to over £100 and , on a poor night , it ’ s around £40 .
“ but there is a part of a population that is not in agreement with us and i think i should respond to that. ” in his case , he said , the element of reciprocity he could offer to banks might lie in the insight he gleaned from years of obtaining bank loans fraudulently .
“ it ’ s a very dynamic time , ” said robert puentes , of the brookings institution ’ s metropolitan policy program think- tank .
“ the people of kiruna have been living in limbo for ten years , ” says viktoria walldin , a social anthropologist who works with the architects .
“ this is a huge day for wales , for devolution and , most importantly , for the 226 people in wales waiting for an organ transplant , ” said the welsh health minister , mark drakeford .
“ i find it surprising that a central bank does not consider itself to have a responsibility in this area. ” this could be changing .
hakob kojoyan assisted armenian architect alexander tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the democratic republic of armenia .
the idea of encouraging people to up sticks is sensitive at a time when floods of italians – many of them bright young graduates – are leaving their country every year .
dubai maintained its importance as a trade route through the 1970s and 1980s .
the year 1976 saw punk arrive on what some people perceived to be a stagnant music scene and nme , like other " specialist " publications , was slow to cover this new phenomenon .
this neighbourly coexistence is a big part of what makes new orleans different and charming .
witnessing the murder of his colleague owen , jack shoots his killer in the forehead , killing him in an act of swift revenge .
around a third of all deaths occurred in children under the age of five , largely because of infectious disease .
even in successful countries such as indonesia and vietnam , the proportion has been 20 % .
redmond recently came runner-up for the international james dyson award , which will give him £5,000 to further develop the project .
the northern white rhino is the rarest species of african rhino .
japan ’ s unforgiving work culture may have helped turn it into an economic superpower , its corporate foot soldiers revered in the rest of the world for their commitment to the company , but this has often been to the exclusion of everything else .
“ patagonia is a relevant region for the country ’ s economy because it has oil , fishing , mining and agriculture resources .
health considerations early-term surgical abortion is a simple procedure which is safer than childbirth when performed before the 16th week .
the russian government has argued that the move will lead to “ an increase in illegal circulation of cocaine ” and warned that “ it also sets a dangerous precedent that could be used by other states in creating a more liberal drug-control regime ” .
the surname christian is an anglicization of the manx name mccrystyn .
wary of competition from services that were invented for the mobile phone rather than the pc , founder mark zuckerberg has recently driven through a series of new initiatives designed to appeal to smartphone users .
details of the second spin-off have now been made public : an “ origins story ” about han solo , the intergalactic smuggler played by harrison ford in the first three films , which is scheduled to be released in may 2018 .
he concludes : “ the principle is simple , and unaltered by technology , science or magic : if we want to enjoy the work that someone does , we should pay for it. ” pullman is writing in the next issue of the campaign group ’ s magazine in a dialogue with cathy casserly , chief executive of creative commons , which offers open content licences “ that lets creators take copyright into their own hands ” .
it burns your insides , it makes you aggressive and ensures that you go totally mad , ” said maria , a former heroin addict .
the same is true of apartheid-era south africa and of parts of europe at various time periods ; most notably under nazi germany 's third reich .
she also said training helped her resist the urge to breathe for far longer than most people .
both men face possible life bans when their case is heard by the fifa ethics committee in december if they are found guilty of the charges .
its distinctive speckled colouration has given it a common name of magpie moth .
meanwhile , research by professor john cacioppo at the university of chicago has found loneliness to be twice as bad for older people ’ s health as obesity and almost as great a cause of death as poverty .
“ you also have to be ready to jump from one project to the next .
there were variations in the rates of violence against women in different regions of the world but , said garcia-moreno , “ in whatever region we looked at , it is unacceptably high ” .
“ we recently installed a smoke eater to help with the smoke because we can ’ t open the doors at night because of the 'noise'. ” the maple leaf club went smoke-free voluntarily in 2014 as did another club where artists had been demanding smoke-free nights .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
the scientist , who is a familiar face on polish television , says wolves are exceptional animals that are capable of moving up to 30km during a single hunt .
kelly said he felt aches and had extremely sensitive skin but , so far , his balance has felt mostly decent .
her death was greeted with tributes from across the political spectrum .
a fellow-vatican watcher confirmed this to be the case .
the town is one end point of the murray to the mountains rail trail .
what should happen is that people should be compensated so they can begin to forgive the british government. ” mara said : “ i ’ m very happy and my heart is clean. ” asked what she would tell her four children , she said simply : “ i will tell them i won. ” mccombe said in 2011 that there was “ ample evidence … that there may have been systematic torture of detainees ” .
this arises when a pawn uses its initial-move option to advance two squares instead of one , and in so doing passes over a square that is attacked by an enemy pawn .
the results revealed that a child ’ s month of birth could make “ significant ” differences to their levels of cardiovascular fitness , muscle strength and ability to accelerate , all of which predict how good someone is at sport , in which such attributes are vital .
outside diaspora communities in the west , teff has flown under the radar for decades .
it always increases conflict .
back up an entire system , including user data , to an installable live cd / dvd .
this season , criticism of referees has increased to the point where some former referees have felt compelled to complain about standards .
iupac announced that a russian-american team of scientists at the joint institute for nuclear research in dubna and lawrence livermore national laboratory in california had produced sufficient evidence to claim the discovery of elements 115 , 117 and 118 .
economy the majority of the residents of marske do not work within the town , but work in nearby industry or in middlesbrough or redcar .
but , by then , mutual trust was lacking and i didn ’ t fancy carrying on in that climate of uncertainty , ” she said .
“ with 70 % of all available water being in agriculture , growing more food to feed an additional two billion people by 2050 will place greater pressure on available water and land. ” the report is being released at the start of the annual world water conference in stockholm , sweden , where 2,500 politicians , un bodies , non-governmental groups and researchers from 120 countries meet to address global water supply problems .
“ there are famous and very wealthy people but then you have hard-working and poor people struggling to get by .
however , we recognize that fully resolving our brand challenges in california will require sustained focus and commitment to correct misinformation. ” “ we will continue to fight with the facts because the facts are on our side , ” he said recently on a conference call with journalists and analysts .
the campaign to save the beach was launched hours after the tarifa council voted for the project .
in developing countries , there are high levels of what is known as “ food loss ” , which is unintentional wastage , often due to poor equipment , transportation and infrastructure .
the forecasters then stated that franklin could " attain and maintain hurricane strength " and make a close approach to bermuda .
they do .
at saturday night 's main event , batista won a six man tag match with rey mysterio and bobby lashley taking on king booker , finlay , and mark henry .
checkpoints on main roads funnel traffic for id checks and baggage searches with handheld explosive detectors – vital to stop future bombers .
the experiment carried out by anderson and his colleagues involved 180 students and employees at lancaster university , of which half were told to tell the truth and half to lie .
following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded .
radiotherapy for breast cancer involves directing radiation , very precisely , at the tumour .
but , the most staggering result was yet to come .
we ’ ve only scraped the surface of what the national food survey can tell us and , from local food maps and school projects to predicting new food trends , i look forward to seeing how this data can be used to learn more about our past and grow our world-leading food and farming industry in the future . ”
the industry accepts individuals with a very wide range of academic qualifications and skills .
the 60 % went into a tronc system , which helped boost kitchen salaries .
you ’ ve got to remember that this community was founded as a farming and fishing community of people who lived off the land and the water – a real working-class community. ” cantwell says saving up enough money to buy your first house while working as a farmer or fisherman is near-impossible in east hampton today “ and it ’ s not just the poor – police officers , teachers , young professionals and others all struggle to find a place to live here and many of them can not afford to own their own home. ” being homeless in the hamptons means spending a lot of time on a bus .
the last few weeks since enchanted forest came out have been utter madness , but fantastic madness , ” said eleanor blatherwick , head of sales and marketing at the books ’ publisher , small british press laurence king .
a toxic tsunami of waste poured down the guadiamar river and over its banks , leaving a thick metallic crust over a vast stretch of parkland .
it is not just the world ’ s biggest burger chain ; it is also a global emblem of american consumer capitalism .
on friday it reacceded to the convention , but with an exemption from the prohibition on the chewing of coca leaves .
employees wishing to develop their professional knowledge ?
they make up the families tupaiidae and ptilocercidae and the entire order scandentia .
as recently as 1967 , the world health organization estimated that 15 million people contracted the disease and that two million died in that year .
“ i believe we may get to a situation in the future where universities maybe won ’ t have a choice , and where british universities are saying , 'if we don ’ t have a presence in china , then we ’ ll get left behind , ' ” he says .
in april , there will be a festival in london , pestival 2013 – a wellcome trust-backed insect appreciation event where the consumption of creepy-crawlies comes high on the agenda .
and the effects of climate change were already beginning to impact seriously on pacific islanders .
most people will first encounter a piece of journalism or an item of breaking news via facebook or other social media , and most of those encounters will be on mobiles .
health warnings covering nearly two-thirds of cigarette packs and a ban on menthol cigarettes across the eu have come a step nearer following a vote in the european parliament .
everything is coded and is shareable between humans .
some have suggested that the ability to voluntarily hold your breath is evidence of a watery episode in human evolution .
“ the only thing that could be better is the england team. ” he and half a dozen friends are among the multitudes of supporters from around the world who have made the beachfront into a party zone of national colours and chants .
today , most small farmers sell the bulk of what they grow to consumers in the city .
they claimed to be playing an april fool 's joke , but most people who saw the signs were unfamiliar with the phrase .
the very real sleep crisis we face isn ’ t down to a few rich people thinking it ’ s a waste of time ; it ’ s down to the 99 % not being able to afford to spend time sleeping .
our leaders have to reach across the aisle to do the people ’ s work. ” he continued : “ this is a time for great challenges for america and i pray the president will be successful in guiding our nation. ” the campaign almost throughout has been a referendum on obama .
without that , although we are very smart animals , we would not dominate the planet. ” “ i don ’ t think there ’ s any risk of supersmart rats from this , ” he added .
1700 to 1900 by the early seventeenth century small scale brick and tile manufacture was flourishing and during this time parcels of common land were allocated for house building and small businesses .
“ but working in japan involves quite a lot of volunteer spirit. ” that fear of being ostracized at work is being blamed for a rise in stress-related illness , premature death and suicide .
for this reason alone , neil timms says he ’ ll comply with the ban : “ i don ’ t want someone to be sitting in the corner smoking and someone takes a photo of ’ em and gets beaten up. ” unworried , geoff douville says that he ’ s used to noise complaints by now so bring on the ban .
i ’ m not worried about an imminent invasion of 'rat multiborgs'. ” very little is known about how thoughts are encoded and how they might be transmitted into another person ’ s brain , so that is not a realistic prospect any time soon .
the encryption key is trivially related to the decryption key , in that they may be identical or there is a simple transform to go between the two keys .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
it didn ’ t happen , so i think it will be impossible to build new hotels. ” at the southernmost tip of spain , tarifa is the strategic crossroads between africa and europe , where the mediterranean sea meets the atlantic .
about 200 children were among the injured .
“ the engineer takes feedback from the driver , analyses the data available and makes decisions about the set-up needed for maximum performance , then relays this to the mechanics to instigate. ” qualifications : a university degree , typically in automotive/mechanical engineering or motorsport technology .
the warning came as other scientists reported beneficial health effects from listening to natural sounds .
“ i was going to work – i worked for british telecom – and i might referee at newcastle on a wednesday evening and , 9am the next morning , i was in leicester trying to speak to customers .
he stayed there until the outbreak of the franco-prussian war in 1870 , when he became an army chef .
“ the general public and many academics have consistently underestimated the importance of stratford to shakespeare. ” edmondson believes that , after shakespeare bought the house in 1597 , all his thinking time was spent there and that the late plays , including the tempest , were at least planned in his library and probably written there .
there will be lots of small combination festivals that give something extra – not people standing around in a massive great field unable to go to the toilet because they might miss the band. ” clearly , the way music is being delivered has changed , he said .
unfortunately , six ikea forks , a chinese guitar and unsourced wall paint stopped him being declared a 100 % economic patriot , but nobody is perfect .
the taiwan strait or formosa strait is a 180-km-wide -lrb- 111.85-mile-wide -rrb- strait between mainland china and taiwan .
“ we deeply apologize for betraying the expectations and confidence of our clients , ” it said in a statement .
but , in asia and europe , stock markets overall displayed a muted reaction , with traders apparently expecting another battle in washington early in 2014 .
put adaptable monitors and targeted advertising into the mix , however , and it becomes harder to hide the fact that a machine is watching you .
with large screens and simple , touch-based interfaces , tablets are being credited with a jump in internet access among the over-65s .
mama fresh is a family firm that has been selling injera to top restaurants and hotels in the ethiopian capital for years .
this is compared to nearly 100 million sharks killed by humans each year .
now , i have a vision for the future .
she is a good friend .
as of 2005 , the schools were : cognitive science -lrb- cs -rrb- : includes linguistics , most psychology , some philosophy , neuroscience , and computer science .
tube sound -lrb- or valve sound -rrb- is the characteristic sound associated with a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier .
they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .
new horizons also observed the smaller members of the pluto system , which includes four other moons : nix , hydra , styx and kerberos .
the british prime minister , david cameron , who is cutting short his trip to europe to return to london following the news , said : “ it was with great sadness that l learned of lady thatcher ’ s death .
while they count the cost to their reputations , the hotels and restaurants involved are unlikely to face legal action .
the sight of colleagues and acquaintances taking a drag on an e-cigarette has become commonplace .
lorraine tyler , a cognitive neuroscientist and head of the centre for speech , language and the brain at cambridge university , said the research was a “ tour de force in its scope and methods ” .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
remember how you felt after doing a 100m sprint at school ?
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
in the match , kenny grabbed a steel chair and inserted the chair on triple h 's left knee , similar to what the group did to michaels .
nor is it clear yet if oxytocin only has benefits for people with autism or has any unwanted side effects .
but , shocking as this is , such studies overlook the loneliness epidemic among younger adults .
a photograph of simon rodia is included on the cover of the beatles ' album sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band , released in 1967 .
the musicians are hutu and tutsi women , some survivors of the 1994 genocide , during which almost a million tutsis and moderate hutus were killed .
these eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups , and so larger mosques will normally host them for their congregants as well as the congregants of smaller local mosques .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
they have not even given the community a respite. ” can it actually make the streets more dangerous ?
but , i ’ m sandwiched between margaret atwood and no doubt some other brilliant writer .
on the market square in rjukan stands a statue of the town ’ s founder , a noted norwegian engineer and industrialist called sam eyde .
in 1956 , he is supposed to have filled 342 engagements .
webb ’ s predecessor , the controversial jack warner , was also seized in may .
early signs suggest the decline has continued into 2015 .
and , despite the nation ’ s goal of being a multiracial democracy , there is a clear link between skin tone and inequality .
oyez derives from the anglo-norman word for listen .
the magistrates ruled that every photograph published in france by mondadori , the publishing company owned by former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , in future would carry a fine , also of €10,000 per breach .
“ we are going to feel the impact of those losses .
a long time ago , cinema audiences were transported to a galaxy far , far away : one where imperial cruisers battled rebel fighters , where droids rubbed circuits with wookiees and where a spaceship called the millennium falcon could make the kessel run in less than 12 parsecs .
and the us amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( als ) association – which is not related to britain ’ s mnd association – also came under fire for the six-figure salaries being paid to its top staff .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
meanwhile , the challenge continues to grow .
“ i very much want to have contact with you as an audience , not with iphones , ipads or cameras .
but it ’ s the recapture of director sam mendes that gives bondwatchers the most hope .
“ there is guilt over being rich in the first place , ” he said .
if a table doesn ’ t tip , the waiter feels as if they are being robbed by the company and ends up resenting the customers .
koxinga proceeded to devote himself to building taiwan into an effective base for anti-qing dynasty sympathizers who wanted to restore the ming dynasty to power .
despite the competition , the response has been overwhelming , with an announcement that there have been more than 20 million downloads .
it also means nobody is necessarily going to clean up where the vultures identify illegal rubbish .
with a large enough surface , you could get substantial cooling . ”
officials have already signalled the introduction of compulsory yoga for india ’ s famously out-of-shape police officers and said that daily yoga lessons would be offered free to three million civil servants and their families .
the total was 121 billion minutes in december 2012 , but that fell to 115 billion minutes in february , according to comscore .
my main evening job is at a restaurant where we don ’ t get our tips but our wages are minimum wage plus an extra £2.50 per hour ( which apparently has been worked out to account for average tips when shared with the kitchen staff ) .
“ often people find that colleagues are more supportive than they ’ d expected .
in the centre of town , a shopkeeper complained sadly that his baby daughter cries at the sound of shelling .
add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices .
for the adesso parto ( now i ’ m leaving ) programme , elmas ’ s council has allocated €12,000 on a first-come , first-served basis to applicants aged between 18 and 50 .
reality television is a genre of television programming that presents purportedly unscripted dramatic or humorous situations , documents actual events , and usually features ordinary people instead of professional actors .
with the new title , ” he adds , “ they are already on to a winner .
after all , i like mission impossible ” .
queen were an english rock band .
i told him 'yes ' , he smiled , and told me in all seriousness , that yes , he absolutely believed that humans would reach mars in my lifetime. ” she told the project : “ when i first heard about the mars one project i thought , this is my chance – that childhood dream could become a reality .
before the 2002 election fc bayern general manager uli hoeneß expressed his support for stoiber and the csu .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
inside , next to a woodburner and under dimmed lights , the observatory ’ s founder and lead astronomer , gary fildes , a former bricklayer with tarzan hair , delivers a pep talk to his colleagues and volunteers .
wagamama , pizza hut and tgi friday all take nothing .
the nsa document notes the operations have the “ assistance of communications providers in the us ” .
in a departure from his usual repertoire , he sang " you ' ll never walk alone " from the broadway musical carousel at the berlin live 8 concert in 2005 .
maria is the 34th “ client ” so far today at east hampton food pantry , a community initiative set up just streets away from some of the most expensive and exclusive properties in the world .
the minute south china sea islands , collectively an archipelago , number in the hundreds .
the most prominent among the latter were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus .
for now , though , he is just cautiously pleased to see tourists back .
once you have made that , you need to stay focused for the next 89 minutes and not be wondering whether that was correct or worrying about that decision .
if we understand it better , hopefully we can do better at dealing with nuclear waste and things that are important in the real world .
special subscription plans are offered to schools , colleges and libraries ; such institutional subscribers constitute an important part of britannica 's business .
it ’ s an hour and a half since my match and i still can ’ t pee . ”
meps decided e-cigarettes should only be regulated as medical products if manufacturers claimed they could prevent tobacco smoking – a decision criticized by the government ’ s main medicines regulator .
“ they are more popular than nicotine patches and may or may not be more effective .
it involved the wcw wrestlers " invading " wwf television in an attempt to " take over " the wwf .
some beverage products such as ales and stouts e.g. guinness rely on this effect to produce the ' head ' on the surface of the poured product .
the country now has one of the highest densities in the world of overhead crossings and underpasses for wild animals .
i manage one minute and 12 seconds .
his eye is a sad black dot in his massive wrinkled face as he wanders the reserve with his guards .
brazil ’ s latest funk sensation , anitta , has won millions of fans by taking the favela sound into the mainstream , but she is at the centre of a debate about skin colour .
it ’ s the perfect laboratory for figuring out how to address some of these problems , like the impacts of climate change and tourism . ”
there is the smell of revolution in the air and apple is making sure it ’ s on the right side of the battle lines when they are drawn up .
while it is a self-contained story , the book continues and develops many of the themes touched on in the first book .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
the following season , warner was replaced as the rams ' starting quarterback for good after fumbling six times in the opener against the new york giants .
in august 2007 , hager was reassigned to florida championship wrestling , where he began a feud with tj wilson .
when you stop showering and using soap , however , your skin goes through an initial ( likely gross ) adjustment period , after which the skin typically restores balance , oil production slows and healthy bacteria flourish .
he said : “ i feel sorry for them , i really feel sorry for them .
in the 1950s camus devoted his efforts to human rights .
sixteen years after the accident , the two sides remained locked over compensation claims . )
those are new pans ! ” carle tells viewers his aim is to “ save the french economy .
menus are not covered by the agricultural standards law or by a new food labelling law due to go into effect in 2015 .
stephan keszler , the dealer behind that auction , believes selling banksy ’ s works without his permission is legitimate .
statistics suggest that vaping among smokers and recent ex-smokers , who comprise the vast majority of vapers , may already be on the decline .
i don ’ t think he was unhappy with us , or lonely , as octopuses are solitary creatures .
he has also appeared in many highly-acclaimed television dramas such as the lakes , state of play and two bafta award-winning serials ; clocking off and sex traffic .
he recently lost his job as a car-park attendant due to ill health and had to take in his five grandchildren after the death of his daughters .
in a concerted campaign – led , the panel found , by the chief constable , peter wright – the south yorkshire police put out their story that drunken supporters or those without tickets had caused the disaster .
were climate change making the planet colder rather than hotter , we could add ice to the list – for nothing obliterates a city like a billion-tonne glacier grinding its way down a valley .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
like a colourful quilt laid over the cortex , the atlas displays in rainbow hues how individual words and the concepts they convey can be grouped together in clumps of white matter .
one study shows that , while white people sleep an average of 6.85 hours , african americans sleep an average of 6.05 hours .
it ’ s a really thrilling time for solar system exploration. ” in august 2015 , mission scientists will choose which of two objects to visit next .
the nsa access is part of a previously undisclosed program called prism , which allows officials to collect material including search history , the content of emails , file transfers and live chats , the document says .
“ nor do they suggest that new york residents are at risk. ” in fact , most of the bacteria identified by the team are either harmless to humans or beneficial in the city ’ s thriving world of microorganisms , many of which process toxic hazards and waste in the same way that bacteria inside every human help with digestion and bodily functions .
louis xiii -lrb- 27 september 1601 – 14 may 1643 -rrb- reigned as king of france and navarre from 1610 to 1643 .
it really wasn ’ t a trend then .
it was spain ’ s worst environmental disaster and the clean-up cost €90m .
among americans who identify as republicans , current polls suggest he has 25-30 % of the vote .
in computing , kivio is free diagramming software that is part of koffice , an integrated office suite for kde .
teff ’ s tiny seeds – the size of poppy seeds – are high in calcium , iron and protein , and boast an impressive set of amino acids .
tropical storms in arizona are infrequent , since the predominant storm track carries most storms that form in the eastern pacific either parallel or away from the pacific coast of northwestern mexico .
“ if you ’ ve trained hard enough your entire life , or the last few weeks , and you believe you can do it and come through it , there ’ s no reason .
one officer was overheard criticizing the manager for failing to ensure adequate security and suggested the sale should be suspended altogether .
the posts organized live action , not just online anger .
the main protagonist , nausicaä , is a charismatic young princess of the peaceful valley of the wind .
to succeed as a race engineer , you need … to be able to deal with pressure .
history rockingham was first surveyed in 1847 , it was gazetted as a town in 1897 .
“ this is very serious , joe , ” he told kitttinger .
feinstein has been a staunch supporter of the nsa ’ s bulk collection of americans ’ phone records .
brazil experienced one of its biggest nights of protest in decades as more than 100,000 people took to the streets nationwide to express their frustration at heavy-handed policing , poor public services and high costs for the world cup .
there are eyes on you , behind the bright lights and mirrored panels .
initially , these were little more than curiosities .
but there ’ s cynicism , too , with the suggestion that universities could use moocs to advertise their on-campus wares to greater numbers of lucrative – though certainly not always wealthy – students from outside the eu .
iranians fled here after the fall of the shah .
“ it ’ s a little glimmer of hope in a season of highly depressing news cycles , which affirms we are in with a chance of civilization in a hundred years , ” said mitchell .
the town of carluke -lrb- gaelic : cathair moluaig -rrb- lies in the heart of the lanarkshire countryside in south lanarkshire , scotland , 5.4 miles northwest of lanark and 5 miles south-east of wishaw .
sharon feigon , executive director of the shared use mobility center , envisages a future where a person can use a transit pass that gives them access to numerous modes of transport in a given day .
but it should also come up with plans to protect people from tigers , ” krishna bhurtel , a local village headman in chitwan , told nepali newspaper nagarik .
angela erdmann never knew her grandfather .
“ it creates a vicious cycle for self-esteem. ” this is a sensitive topic in this largely mixed-raced nation .
while more and more people struggle to get on to london ’ s property ladder as house prices rise at 11.2 % a year , 16 mansions on the most expensive stretch of the bishops avenue are sitting empty , many behind padlocked gates , with their windows shuttered with steel grilles and overgrown grounds patrolled by guard dogs .
the state 's population is concentrated in south east queensland , which includes the capital brisbane , logan city , ipswich , toowoomba , and the gold and sunshine coasts .
a stronghold for violent separatists agitating for an independent kashmir , it was at the centre of uprisings that left more than 100 people dead , buried along with dreams of peace in the mountainous north-indian region .
this is , potentially , a huge physical advantage , ” said sandercock .
they scored their answers from one to seven .
“ i think it is the most important solar plant in the world. ” each parabolic mirror is 12 metres high and focused on a steel pipeline carrying a 'heat transfer solution ' ( htf ) that is warmed to 393c as it snakes along the trough before coiling into a heat engine .
this means that if a table has a £100 bill and doesn ’ t tip , the waiter has to pay £4 of their own money .
for many , bbm is a distant memory .
oliver cromwell attacked drogheda in 1649 slaughtering the royalist garrison -lrb- siege of drogheda -rrb- .
they apparently survived on a diet of rainwater , raw fish and seabirds .
“ they say the new mine will be safe , but they said it was safe in 1998 and look what happened .
not the argentinian and fc barcelona record-breaking striker lionel messi , but junior messi enguene , a 20-year-old midfielder from cameroon .
they often simply groan in disapproval in situations where a human toddler would throw a tantrum .
the company opened its first factory in china in april and opened an office in shanghai to spearhead expansion in the world ’ s second- biggest economy .
he was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .
“ a lot of the fish on the market comes from china and is imported frozen .
they may be removed for several reasons , including impaired breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches .
“ you go to south-east asia and this is a common thing .
a lorry -lrb- 42-6452 -rrb- containing about 440 pounds of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the central bank , a seaside high-rise which managed most of the financial business of the country .
new category- killers like google , amazon and facebook have reset customer expectations and significantly raised the bar for brand experiences. ” apple , which former chief executive steve jobs founded in his los altos garage in 1976 , only appeared in the top ten of the interbrand annual study in 2011 .
her family live in the slum and her parents can ’ t survive without the income their sons bring home .
the plane knows its location , both from gps and inertial tracking , but this information is not relayed elsewhere in real time .
at the start of her speech , malala said : “ i don ’ t know where to begin my speech .
the first two groups were chimpanzees , with the third made up of orangutans from sumatra or borneo .
“ she was saying : 'i ’ m 80 and i ’ m the oldest fitness instructor in the country ! '
in his shared office space in san francisco – a cool , converted warehouse in the heart of startup land , filled with twentysomethings – he quotes sun tzu ’ s the art of war and points out that even tiny armies can sometimes beat mighty forces .
the veteran of past missions said that his biggest surprise was simply how long this one felt .
rich residents hated it as an ugly imposition but planas invited citizens to “ adopt a vulture ” in support of conservation and recycling .
consumer-technology companies have been racing to join the music-streaming trend , with apple launching itunes radio and google promoting its play store , with smaller players like beats music , created by the team behind the beats headphones brand , also joining the fray .
during the experiment , carle scoured supermarket shelves for 100 % french-made products , learned to cook seasonal fruit and vegetables grown in france , proudly brushed his teeth with the last toothbrush made in france by a company in picardie employing 29 people and hand-washed his smalls until he found the last french-made washing machine ( which , being top opening , would not fit under the kitchen counter ) .
it ’ s going to do the opposite , i think .
“ there needs to be a story to the product .
' ” limal remortgaged his apartment to fund the setting up of babyklar.nu – or 'baby-ready now ' in english .
the ranking , he said , didn ’ t mean these were the most likely potential astronauts but was , instead , based on how many “ supporter points ” each had earned through acts such as buying official merchandise .
he is now in kathmandu , the capital of nepal , having flown down from everest base camp that morning .
or how easy it is to organize large events online .
a supermassive black hole is a black hole with a mass of the order of between 105 and 1010 solar masses .
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
“ we couldn ’ t have created this if we ’ d tried .
this loose alliance became a margravate under the bohemian crown in 1378 .
but we were in são paulo for four or five days in the run-up to the opening match and you wouldn ’ t have known until the last day that there was even a world cup on .
or hobby learners , who are keen to learn about a subject area in which they have an interest ?
individual cases highlight the ease with which people can slip back into poverty .
former baywatch star pamela anderson , a longstanding animal-rights activist , wrote an open letter to the als association , saying she could not support its record on animal experimentation .
in daniel kahneman ’ s terms , answers to these sorts of questions are classic examples of “ fast ” thinking , rather than “ slow ” .
the combination of climate change and tourism , he says , is creating new stresses on the sherpa homeland .
this was a year of further creative triumph , bringing a fine album , scary monsters ( and super creeps ) , and its spin- off chart-topping single , ashes to ashes , followed by bowie ’ s well-received stint as john merrick in the elephant man on the broadway stage .
there was absolute silence … and sadness. ” john thavis , who spent 30 years reporting on the holy see and whose book , the vatican diaries , is soon to be published , said he had had an intuition the pope might be about to resign and timed his return to rome from the us accordingly .
a gas station , fueling station , filling station , service station , petrol station , garage , gasbar , petrol pump or petrol bunk -lrb- india -rrb- is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles .
we ’ re really committed to improving the fitness of our pupils beyond the two-hour statutory pe that we are expected to deliver. ” his school is now constructing a track .
the majority of his anger is generated in endless battles with vyvyan , which he invariably loses .
administrative termination memberships may be terminated at the discretion of the ruling body of the church of satan consisting of the high priest , the high priestess and the council of nine .
currently secretary of state for culture , media and sport and minister for the south west , he was one of the first openly gay mps .
his travel writings and his extensive diaries and correspondence have also been published .
these were supposed to be our last lines of defence , but antibiotic resistant bacteria became more and more common ; as did species with new patterns of resistance .
while cinema depictions suggest the device is near-infallible , the us supreme court ruled , in 1998 , that there was no consensus that the polygraph was reliable , a finding supported by the us national academy of scientists in 2003 .
the low pay also means many of them take second jobs .
i ’ m not actually sure if this was to help pay the agreed salary or provide bonuses .
it is the county seat of washington county , and , by many definitions , the largest city in a region known as western maryland .
anne frank was deported on the last train from westerbork .
“ we treat the networks we have as incidental but they ’ re fundamental to our well-being , ” says nicky forsythe , a psychotherapist and the founder of talk for health , a social enterprise that trains people to give and receive peer support in groups .
shoppers are usually repaid any money they spend in the stores and may also be allowed to keep the products they buy .
use html and css markup sparingly and only with good reason .
ihme has been ambitiously radical in some of its methods .
other social changes emerge from the survey , with questions about owning chickens and getting your own eggs being dropped in 1991 and a somewhat belated end in the same year to asking the “ housewife ” to fill out the questionnaire .
this time , bowie emerged as a fully fledged science-fiction character – an intergalactic glam-rock star visiting a doomed planet earth – and the album effectively wrote the script for his own stardom .
it was weird . ”
satan represents all of the so-called sins , as they all lead to physical , mental , or emotional gratification .
taxis are available from hotels and a taxi rank on presidential way , north of city centre shopping centre .
within the hcard is a geo microformat , which additionally makes the coordinates -lrb- latitude & longitude -rrb- parsable , so that they can be , say , looked up on a map , or downloaded to a gps unit .
“ i ’ m proud of what i did , ” he said in an interview by skype from an undisclosed location .
other users and bots may edit pages in your user space , though by convention your user page will usually not be edited by others .
“ as they sit there , strapped to this machine , their mind starts to wander and it naturally goes to that shock – was it really that bad ?
instead , those things might be popular because of our constant urge to do something rather than nothing .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
“ when i joined , the focus was very much on humanity in prisons .
people gathered in the streets of south africa to celebrate mandela ’ s life .
davis was responsible for character design for both the pirates of the caribbean and haunted mansion attractions at disneyland .
thompson has promised more organic food and custom-made burgers but , to cut down queues , he also wants to introduce simpler menus .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
subscription services now account for a third of all digital sales globally , with downloads making up the balance , but the ifpi data shows that the two formats are growing at different rates .
“ the top-ranked countries are what you would expect , but scandinavian countries were not wealthy when they introduced universal pensions .
the lawyer , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
mcdonald ’ s is also widely perceived as less healthy than most of its rivals , especially chipotle , which trumpets its antibiotic-free meat and “ locally sourced , seasonal produce ” – although 'local ' for chipotle can mean 350 miles away .
his “ blunder of the first magnitude ” , according to the inquiry , was the failure to close off the tunnel that led to the already overcrowded central section of the leppings lane terrace .
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
stigma and discrimination still surround the illness , and have led to around half of all cases in the country going untreated .
he spent two months in prison before being bailed for €50,000 .
there are 120,000 licensed hunters in poland and they are influential in parliament .
we don ’ t have a vaccine or a pill ” .
“ two minutes is not a lot of time but it is a lot longer than that , ” he says .
moocs are viewed primarily as a way to showcase and share universities ’ best teaching talent , as well as encouraging interaction and soliciting feedback from students around the world , he says .
yuu wakebe , a health ministry official overseeing policy on working hours , who admits putting in 100 hours of overtime a month , blames the irresistible pressure to match one ’ s colleagues , hour for hour .
in the uk , 1.4m fewer users checked in in march , a fall of 4.5 % .
it is probably a primitive body composed of carbonates .
why did we have to have little red riding hood ? ''
she ’ s remarkably good at knowing what we are doing. ” allen , a keen dancer , has never done any formal training to be a fitness instructor .
the mirrors are spaced in tier formations to minimize damage from sand blown up by desert winds .
after a gentle warm-up and a few pulse-raising numbers , the 93-year-old great-grandmother lets her charges rehydrate with a cup of tea and a quick sit down .
we have purposefully chosen an intimate theatre setting rather than a large venue or stadium .
writing in the journal , fan puts the installed cost of mirrors at between $ 20 and $ 70 per square metre and calculates an annual electricity saving of 100mwh on a three-storey building .
sherwood accepts his team ’ s work on the role of clouds can not deﬁnitively rule out that future temperature rises will lie at the lower end of projections .
almost as soon as antibiotic use became widespread in the 1940s , the first evidence of bacteria resistance to antimicrobial therapy emerged .
but the demand in some countries for rhino horn as a traditional medicine believed to cure everything from flu to cancer is fuelling a boom in poaching .
“ he explained that it was because he was an illegal dutch immigrant .
he said : “ it ’ s such a simple thing to do but seems to have such an amazing impact .
when above the surface , the unit uses a fan to suck in air via a vent in the mouthpiece .
the last three presidents of the regional bodies concacaf and conmebol have all been indicted .
one source of optimism among opponents is the strong evidence that polls this far away from election day are an average of eight percentage points out , simply because most people have not made up their minds .
in the meantime , morocco is focused on using solar to meet its own needs for resource independence .
“ i only saw two security guards. ” frustrated with not being able to buy a blaupunkt 40 ” tv reduced from £299.99 to £149.99 , haggerty rushed to pick up a dyson animal vac , down from £319.99 to £159.99 .
this position in the federal government of the united states is analogous to the finance ministers of other nations .
world-leading marine scientist professor callum roberts from the university of york was one of the scientists who helped set the 20-30 % target in 2003 .
swedish prisons have long had a reputation around the world for being progressive .
linux distributions began to appear very soon after the linux kernel was first used by individuals other than the original linux programmers .
prices for staples such as corn and wheat have risen nearly 50 % on international markets since june , triggered by severe droughts in the us and russia , and weak monsoon rains in asia .
“ these younger people are shaping communications , ” said jane rumble , ofcom ’ s media research head .
the petitions at the end of the hymn -lrb- beginning salvum fac populum tuum -rrb- are a selection of verses from the book of psalms , appended subsequently to the original hymn .
she agreed , and light was restored to the earth .
the methodological ethos is identical , but there is a slight difference in the vocabulary , and specialized is more international .
you know that feeling after a shower when you feel like you ’ re stuck in a skin suit two sizes too small ?
even the surliest cynic can not have failed to be thrilled by robin van persie ’ s extraordinary diving header for the netherlands against spain .
jenny flahaut , 33 , who works at a children ’ s home , was inspired to volunteer after seeing an advertisement on facebook .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
in common law legal systems , a precedent or authority is a legal case establishing a principle or rule that a court or other judicial body utilizes when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts .
much of the focus at lockheed martin has been on making drone piloting interfaces less like elaborate flight simulators .
cockrell , a former wall street worker turned therapist , spends large parts of his days walking through central park or the battery park in downtown manhattan near wall street , as a confidant and counsellor to some of new york ’ s wealthiest people .
“ this was never a romantic endeavour .
the following year , the title returned to raw after reigning champion triple h was drafted back to the brand during the 2009 wwe draft .
east africa can expect to experience increased short rains , while west africa should expect heavier monsoons .
executives are promising to tackle misconceptions about its food in its home market .
name in chinese , the region is known as " inner mongolia " , where the terms of " inner / outer " are derived from manchu dorgi / tulergi .
but , he admits , anyone who won ’ t change a nappy would struggle .
and , if they disappear , so does malé ’ s raison d ’ être .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
top-of-the-line models cost more than twice that .
“ we will also meet the desire for change across england , across wales , across the whole of the united kingdom. ” nick clegg , the deputy prime minister , said the referendum “ marks not only a new chapter for scotland within the uk but also wider constitutional reform across the union ” .
the nsa access was enabled by changes to us surveillance law , introduced under president bush and renewed under obama in december 2012 .
he started as a waiter .
a batter against whom three strikes are recorded strikes out .
the team also cut a path along part of a 15km cul-de-sac known as the road to nowhere , despite warnings about the risk from polar bears and other wildlife .
no project is deemed too wacky .
but even short flights from a mobile landing pad pose serious logistical problems , he said .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
his decision to cut the bridges on the han river prevented thousands of citizens from escaping communist rule .
it comprises the eastern half of the island of timor , the nearby islands of atauro and jaco , and oecussi-ambeno , an exclave on the northwestern side of the island , within indonesian west timor .
whether the everest region can continue to cope with a booming tourism sector remains to be seen , according to mountain geographer and environmentalist , alton byers .
eleven current and former members of fifa ’ s executive committee have now been charged in the investigation , which alleges $ 200m in bribes , mainly as kickbacks from tv and marketing contracts but also fifa ’ s development programmes .
i respect her .
fluctuations of this line horizon describe all matter , so every elementary particle can be described by a mode of oscillation of a very small segment or loop of string .
when i go to london , i am a stranger .
i drew up the first story and they thought , ‘ let ’ s go for it ’ .
and other bacterial species were learning the same trick .
but these carrion-eaters ’ natural affinity for dead and decaying things is being turned into a virtue .
in 1934 , dupré succeeded charles-marie widor as titular organist at st. sulpice in paris , a post he held until his death in 1971 .
in his speech , cameron made clear that the constitutional reforms , including in scotland , would not be delivered until after the general election , and that scottish measures would proceed in tandem with changes in england .
when considering the future of transportation , it ’ s also important to keep in mind why people travel : they may be going to work , to meet friends or family , or to do the shopping .
she now lives with her family in birmingham and does what the taliban tried to stop her doing : goes to school every day .
but , i also had to report on occasional disasters : ﬁres , ﬂoods and explosions at ﬁ rework factories .
we got the worst ecological disaster in the history of spain. ” what alarms people such as dávila is the threat that a new mine poses to the intense investment in eco-tourism that has been made in doñana in recent years .
but at the real downton abbey , highclere castle – a stately home owned by george “ geordie ” herbert , 8th earl of carnarvon – the financial outlook has rarely been brighter .
live at wembley ' 86 is a double compact disc live album by english rock band queen .
this time , the ministry of defence chose to publicize his deployment on the understanding that newspapers and broadcasters would not give a running commentary on his life out there to allow him to get on with his job .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
and it looks terrible for the whole sport when people are collapsing , ball kids are collapsing , people in the stands are collapsing .
“ back home in coventry , every pub where i was a regular closed within a year of the smoking ban , ” remembers timms of the uk ’ s ban , begun in 2007 .
from food to fashion , energy to transportation , education to health , the awards showcased an alternative to the grim-future scenarios we are so often presented with and made sustainability tangible to the innovators , investors , consumers and policy makers across sectors and regions .
“ i was very keenly aware of the fact that i had about 50kg strapped to me and getting into the water was quite foreign when you are used to trying to keep yourself at the surface .
two decades ago , teenagers devoted their evenings to monopolizing the home telephone line , dissecting love affairs and friendships in conversations that lasted for hours .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
“ they thought that the bullet would silence us .
from 1938 , newer ss uniforms featured the shoulder boards of a german oberst in addition to the oak leaf collar patches .
“ so the moocs trend may not be opening up he to sectors of the population it hasn ’ t reached to date. ” “ learning online is a different thing , needs quite advanced learning skills , ” confirms david kernohan , progamme manager for elearning innovation at jisc , a charity that champions the use of digital technologies in uk education and research .
with its completion in 1992 , uninterrupted water transport was made possible between the north sea and the black sea .
“ this is a very , very bad idea indeed , ” he told me .
one hyde park , a block of apartments in knightsbridge , is another example where more than half the flats are registered with the council as empty or second homes .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
this is when it was revealed that dozens of restaurants were exposed for skimming tips from staff for administration fees .
brands don ’ t want to commit to paying so that rich factory owners who have just pocketed the profits and not been spending on their factories for years continue to do so .
ólafur 's second marriage was to israeli-born dorrit moussaieff , to whom he became engaged in may 2000 .
also , please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field .
but , the researchers say cadmium accumulates over time in the body and that some people may wish to avoid this , and that pesticide limits are set individually , not for the cocktail of chemicals used on crops .
alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms , including bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -lrb- also called secondary metabolites -rrb- .
there are many lessons to be gleaned from the vast database they have put together , which will help global organizations and individual governments to better care for us all – from a renewed focus on diet to tackling alcohol to keeping up the efforts against hiv in africa .
it possibly wasn ’ t google ’ s smartest move to release the first 10,000 pairs to software developers rather than , say , supermodels or scarlett johansson .
“ they are desperate to ensure the longevity of the franchise and make sure the quality is kept up .
“ the customer , empowered by social media in the 'age of experience ' , now has more control than ever , ” he said .
the overall reoffending rate in sweden stands at between 30 and 40 % over three years – to compare that with another european country , the number is around half that of the uk .
she had been driving on the project for years , in the face of incredulity from many people , and finding funds from all over the world when it looked as if the money would run out before the excavation had even begun .
in 2014 , a decade after its launch , 56 % of internet users aged 65 and older have a facebook account .
cynthia said : “ he in turn asked me if i wanted to be trapped in a ’ tin can spacecraft ’ for the two years it would take to get there .
it ’ s already big business in the uk , though not always official : a man was recently detained by gatwick customs as he stepped off a flight from burkina faso with 94 kilos of mapone , worth nearly £40,000 , in his luggage .
“ from my point of view , i ’ ve tried to persuade people it is fun and have specific events they can engage with , not just a wander around a dusty house .
the difference , scientists suspect , is that men tend to be more sensation-seeking than women .
kate faehrmann , of the sea shepherd conservation society , said , from a protest in perth , the state capital of western australia : “ we ’ ve always said that this idea won ’ t work .
meanwhile , this is an opportunity for the rest of us to consider whether this circus is the best way to run things . ”
among the casualties were two fishers who were reported missing .
elin arrives at agnes 's house , mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party , where there will be a boy -lrb- johan -rrb- -lrb- mathias rust -rrb- she wants to avoid .
and , really , you just have to look at the people ’ s faces. ” in his office overlooking the square , rjukan ’ s energetic young mayor , steinar bergsland , is interested not so much in the cost but in the benefits the mirrors might bring to the town .
it ’ s not fair. ” one of those lads was andy blackett , 30 , an estate agent , who had two trolleys full of bargains .
the same data led them to uncover potentially sensitive information about some individuals .
it doesn ’ t make much sense to me but that ’ s the way of the world , ” goodfellow says .
there are also four stations , reserved for future service : volokolamskaya of tagansko-krasnopresnenskaya line , delovoi tsentr of kalininskaya and solntsevskaya lines and park pobedy of solntsevskaya line .
the 800 rows follow the sun as it tracks across the heavens , whirring quietly every few minutes as their shadows slip further east .
biography howard was born in stockport , cheshire , in england on december 7 , 1977 .
he vowed to make the little extra time needed a reality and the result is his invention of the express dive – a refillable air storage device , held in the mouth , that lets users swim underwater for two minutes .
remarkably , the communication between the rats was two-way .
it means that the arrest of the gang leaders has been nullified because it has not had a long-term effect .
november- and october-born children emerged as fitter , stronger and more powerful than their peers born in the other ten months of the year , especially those whose birthdays fell in april or june .
but the group lost its way and was on the brink of collapse in 2003 .
from that phone to another was two hops .
under iupac rules , new elements can be named after mythological concepts , minerals , a place or country , or a scientist .
i can have it cleaned again .
why are people across the world so often so clueless about these realities ?
“ actually you do get used to it after a while , ” said george , an it technician from a village on the coast .
taylor walks around the scene spectating without interacting with jordison or the females , there is a moment in which jordison is looking in a mirror and taylor suddenly appears .
we had a blast .
“ it is only a partial solution , ” he says .
“ but so many people pushed in the queue we didn ’ t have a chance , ” she said .
every single day , don ’ t take anything for granted , ” said lady carnarvon .
the people on the pier were in awe .
the potential for solar power from the desert has been known for decades .
the electrics are shielded from the water in the casing and are recharged using inductive power transfer – a system using an electromagnetic field , similar to the pads which can wirelessly charge mobile phones , so that there is no need for exposed wires .
a punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .
“ he does something on other people ’ s property without asking .
“ by 9.30 , the sky is going to be sexy , ” fildes says .
the security situation right now is bad .
coating the roof of a building with the mirror would prevent heating from sunlight but do little to remove heat from its interior .
this work was accomplished through the efforts of martin evans and oliver smithies working on the knockout mice .
people have been injured and occasionally killed when they are not strapped in , or get struck by poorly secured luggage – but the plane is not going to be knocked out of the sky .
so i got it wrong. ” the line emerging from the vatican within hours of the announcement was that the pope ’ s decision was a brave one .
the new method offers a pragmatic , scientifically backed alternative to conducting interviews .
an official , whose route home has come under attack from rebels in daraya , said : “ if i was afraid , i would just shut my door and stay inside .
jarvis cocker has previously criticized phone- wielders in the audience for driving him “ insane at concerts ” , adding : “ it seems stupid to have something happening in front of you and look at it on a screen that ’ s smaller than the size of a cigarette packet. ” johnny marr said in 2013 that it meant that fans missed out on the sensory experience of live music in their desperation to document the event for later .
vienna is the world ’ s best city to live in , baghdad is the worst and london , paris and new york do not even make it into the top 35 , according to international research into quality of life .
george bernard shaw -lrb- 26 july 1856 2 november 1950 -rrb- was an irish playwright .
however , the advanced encryption standard now receives more attention .
“ whatever means are used to implant false memories , we need to be very aware of the ethical issues raised by such procedures – the potential for abuse of such techniques can not be overstated . ”
co-author balaraman says that growth in the number of rich people would not result in social tensions as a wide gap in incomes and wealth is an “ accepted norm ” in india .
my father always says , 'don ’ t read it ' .
it is widely accepted that the shepherd-barron atm was the “ world ’ s first ” when it comes to being installed and used by the public ; the first one , at a bank in north london , was opened on 27 june , 1967 – a month before goodfellow ’ s atm made its public debut .
tobacco : in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness similar to that of heroin or cocaine .
they call it the richie rich club and it is about to get even richer .
is this going to kill spotify ?
the report by the chronic poverty advisory network ( cpan ) asserts that many people may rise above the poverty line of $ 1.25 a day , only to tumble back when they are hit by a combination or sequence of shocks such as drought , illness and insecurity or conflict .
wwe then holds a special wrestling show in an open field , with the troop members in attendance for free .
the formerly somewhat basic ticketing policy has become a computerized advance booking system , helping to guarantee foreign visitors admission .
introduction this unstaffed station on the qingzang railway opened for service on july 1 , 2006 .
and so on .
going forward , i am delighted to take on the roles of both director and ambassador for the club .
in one , the system was able to prove that a murder victim was killed by a bullet through the cheek ; in another , a virtopsy on a murdered man meant his wish to be cryogenically frozen could still go ahead as his body remained intact .
with just four landfills in a city of nearly ten million inhabitants , there are countless illegal dumps .
its strategy , published in 2013 , argues that the grain could play an important role in school meals and emergency aid programmes , and help reduce malnutrition – particularly among children and adolescents .
“ and there is also forthcoming research that shows that it lowers the risk of diabetes in humans , something we have already shown in rats. ” but there are no half-measures here .
graham hayles , interbrand ’ s chief marketing officer , said it was “ not out of kilter ” that apple ’ s brand could account for a fifth of the company ’ s entire market value .
fire is a growing threat to urban settlements in america – in fact , forest fires cause the most damage after severe storms , with 800 major fire disasters having been declared there between 1953 and 2014 .
no single brain region holds one word or concept .
about 780 more children are preparing to enter school in 2017 .
van der hoeven said that , without a high carbon price to discourage the growth in coal use and encourage cleaner technologies such as renewable power generation , only competition from lower-priced gas could realistically cut demand for coal .
but , protests have diminished since the opening day , when small demonstrations took place in several cities , prompting police to use tear gas and pepper spray .
“ nobody else uses their vacation days , ” sekiguchi said .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
baduhennna is solely attested by tacitus ' annals where tacitus records that a grove in frisia was dedicated to her , and that near this grove 900 roman prisoners were killed in 28 ce .
elizabeth ann smart -lrb- born november 3 , 1987 -rrb- is an american woman who was abducted from her salt lake city , utah bedroom on june 5 , 2002 at the age of 14 .
who was the most loyal ?
a small proportion ( 5 % ) employed a beautician .
“ it ’ s kind of the tale of two cities .
he said : “ here is a new baby whose career , religion , even personal relationships have already been mapped out .
dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
“ there are things we ’ re going to discover about our experience in space in the space station that we don ’ t even know now , ” kelly said , comparing the research of more than 450 missions there to the work done by computer scientists at nasa in the 1960s and 1970s .
he is sometimes credited with introducing skenographia , or scene-decorationaccording to vitruvius .
at stake is the hope of a new life in france .
ununtrium and ununpentium are thought to be metals , while ununseptium could be a metalloid – a material bearing some metallic properties .
thavis noted that in the book-length interview benedict gave to a german journalist , published as light of the world in 2010 , he had made it clear he considered it would be right to go if he felt he were no longer up to the job .
“ while baby boomers are still a very important segment , we ’ re finding that a lot of younger people are using e-bikes for transportation , instead of cars. ” accell ’ s yuba brand even sells a cargo bike with a stronger motor and rear rack .
the advent of broadband in the year 2000 has created a generation of digital natives , ofcom ( which checks standards in the uk communications industries ) says in its annual study of british consumers .
he said : “ it freaks me out to think that , when you talk of a character in a novel , judges can get involved. ” delacourt has become one of france ’ s best-loved authors ; his previous novel , my list of desires , was translated into 47 languages and is now being adapted into a film .
but , come labor day in early september , when the rich and famous shut up their mansions and head back to manhattan or beverly hills , the glitz gives way to the gritty reality of life for the mostly immigrant community who live here all year .
“ it ’ s given us a wonderful marketing platform , an international profile .
after initially being posted to the 1st battalion , in march , 1916 he was transferred to the 53rd battalion , which was part of the 5th division , when the australian imperial force was reinforced with fresh recruits from australia .
the 2012 study did note that eating organic food might help people avoid pesticide residues .
it would have been amazing to see what he could have done. ” what tourism will look like is another matter .
“ however , we are disappointed with the decision to reject the proposal to regulate nicotine-containing products ( ncps ) , including e-cigarettes , as medicines .
the ventricular muscle twitches randomly , rather than contracting in unison , and so the ventricles fail to pump blood into the arteries and into systemic circulation .
at the start , miesen and dundas owned the shop in partnership with its staff and had shares in the business , which is a cooperative and non-profit .
at the end of his address , the pope blessed those present , and left .
in the list below , works by plato are marked -lrb- 1 -rrb- if there is no consensus among scholars as to whether plato is the author , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- if scholars generally agree that plato is not the author of the work .
brooks says psychology is vital in his development .
her income is typically £30,000 to £40,000 a year and that doesn ’ t include all the freebies she gets on the job .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
an apple spokesman said he had “ never heard ” of prism .
a security guard patrolling the pavement outside one mansion said that the owners were not there .
at its busiest , the tiny classroom holds 30 pupils , crammed into five rows of desks in front of a big green chalkboard and pictures of cartoon animals for each letter of the french alphabet .
brazil and peru have called for the “ .amazon ” application to be withdrawn , saying a private company should not be assigned a name that denotes an important geographical area that spans their territories and is also used for certain regions and cross-border organizations .
it is the capital of karbala governorate .
it is all the more surprising for the fact that the novel is not even about scarlett johansson .
it began with a bogus scallop , but a menu scandal that has engulfed some of japan ’ s most prestigious hotels and department stores now threatens to undermine the international reputation of the country ’ s vaunted cuisine .
a few weeks earlier , riley , dunn and another former referee , peter jones , made their way to another level-5 match to monitor another referee tipped to progress – john brooks .
apple , and the record industry , can not afford to get rid of the download market just yet – so streaming and downloading will have to coexist under the apple brand , one representing the future as the other gets progressively slower and sicker .
her active repertoire spans from bach to penderecki , from vivaldi to shostakovitch , containing over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music .
i have a new empathy with patients because i have been one .
his determination to succeed and dedication to the club have been truly remarkable .
individuals have also illegally destroyed some trees and are suspected of introducing insect pests from australia which attack the trees .
the french word bourgeois evolved from the old french word burgeis , meaning " an inhabitant of a town " -lrb- cf .
some speculative sources say that he was also in paris between 1308 and 1310 .
the official municipality key , formerly also known as the official municipality characteristic number or municipality code number , is a number sequence for the identification of politically independent municipalities or unincorporated areas .
“ it was done to remove criticism of the police , ” scraton said .
in 2006 , he co-starred in the independent film manhattan minute .
“ it ’ s the sun ! ” grins ingrid sparbo , disbelievingly , lifting her face to the light and closing her eyes .
during this period he married , and farmed in lyndhurst , hampshire .
we think it is the result of a changing population and changing human behaviour ; that is , there are more people in the water , ” it said .
ten heart-stopping minutes later the austrian landed back on earth , after reaching speeds of up to 725mph , and breaking three world records , including becoming the world ’ s first supersonic skydiver by breaking the sound barrier at mach 1.24 .
polydor records is a record label currently headquartered in the uk , and is a subsidiary of universal music group .
campaigners say that plastic water bottles can take hundreds or even thousands of years to completely biodegrade , with their manufacture exacerbating their negative ecological impact .
the causes pursued by the protesters varied widely .
founder kyle tabor launched it to give users a faux boyfriend to deter unwanted advances but has found people have grown attached to their algorithmic partners : “ many more users are seeking companionship through conversation rather than external 'proof ' of a relationship to get people off their back. ” for sullivan and tabor , the surprise was the real relationships that have formed with their customers .
apart from the moral case against torture , anderson pointed out that it was a very unreliable way of gathering accurate information .
maycon de mattos batista , a financial analyst who worked with anitta while she was an intern , said there had been a huge change in anitta ’ s image , but not of her colour .
unlike mopeds , e-bicycles are usually permitted on bike paths and they can ’ t travel faster than 20mph .
now , to compete , he ’ s had to quit tokyo for silicon valley .
like glass , telepathy one is due to launch in 2014 .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , the earliest extant church in assisi .
mélodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .
so should we all start incorporating this plan into our fitness regimens ?
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
“ what you do is never sit on your laurels .
dozens of alternatives have sprung up to take its place , from facebook ’ s and apple ’ s own-brand instant messaging applications to independent start-ups such as whatsapp and kik ( which is also canadian ) .
probably in the ninth century , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of reichenau .
it was to serve as an international auxiliary language , that is , as a universal second language , not to replace ethnic languages .
a mirror that sends heat into the frigid expanse of space has been designed by scientists to replace air-conditioning units that keep buildings cool on earth .
it has a black bill , crimson eyes , and a call reminiscent of a dog 's bark .
some experts believe there is a link between dyscalculia – the difﬁculty in comprehending arithmetic – and problems learning foreign languages , particularly if languages are learnt by rote , since this involves the sequential processes that students with dyscalculia struggle with .
also , it hybridizes with some other wattles , notably the rare and endangered sydney basin species acacia pubescens .
“ the truth is the government doesn ’ t pay much attention to the islands of the north aegean , ” she said , “ so i would take all the kids from our school to the gates of parliament , to tell them : 'there is still life in these islands ' . ”
the bill is a direct challenge to one introduced by senator patrick leahy that would end domestic phone-records collection .
“ when the big breweries target women , it usually fails .
wecyclers is a response to local waste issues , where it ’ s estimated that only 40 % of the city ’ s rubbish is collected .
the solution was a machine which would issue cash on demand to a recognized customer , ” he recalls .
a child who can ’ t eat wheat or drink milk can ’ t go to parties. ” the conviction that a child ’ s chronic lethargy or headaches or eczema are caused by an allergy takes a long time and many tests to prove or disprove .
under president and ceo reynolds , the park operated until april 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a prolonged tourism decline following the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
sthenurine forelimbs were long with two extra-long fingers and claws compared with the relatively small , stiff arms of modern macropods .
to succeed , the electric bike business in the us must clear legal , cultural and financial hurdles .
before greece was plunged into financial chaos , residents of this tranquil outpost in the northern aegean managed quite well .
the problem was exacerbated by people listening to music through their earphones instead of tuning in to the birds and other sounds of nature that can easily be drowned out by traffic , music and other noises , he said .
finnish mobile- phone company nokia dropped 41 places to 98th at $ 4.1bn , just ahead of nintendo in 100th place ( down 33 ) .
this has included meeting their biological daughters .
“ a lot of farmed fish is inbred , which does cause problems , but we are using a process with local fish sourced in liberia , not fish from another region , ” said sheehy .
at addis ababa airport , visitors are greeted by pictures of golden grains , minute ochre-red seeds and a group of men gathered around a giant pancake .
iguchi is kind of like the new frontier .
chinchilla females are significantly bigger than males .
the first incident went almost unnoticed .
people have been digging metals and ores here since roman times , after all. ” more to the point , added fernández , the mine licence would stipulate that only modern mining techniques , which avoid the creation of poisonous wet waste , would be allowed .
“ climate sceptics like to criticize climate models for getting things wrong and we are the ﬁrst to admit they are not perfect , ” said sherwood .
“ in the beginning , when there started to be explosions , i used to have nightmares , ” she reflected .
researchers at the university of western australia say the increased number of shark attacks in the state may be because western australia has the fastest-growing population in australia , not because of a rising number of sharks .
when the island reverted to complete spanish control , malabo was renamed santa isabel .
what about false memories for more than just contexts – false memories for objects , food or other mice ?
but , because the island still runs on cash , the closure of banks nationwide has been devastating .
before going on to assure the pope of the cardinals ’ loyalty and devotion , he said he and the others present had “ listened to you with a sense of bewilderment , almost completely incredulous ” .
under a project called olive , the researchers have archived mystery house , the original 1982 graphic adventure game for the apple ii , an early version of wordperfect , and doom , the original 1993 first person shooter game .
references external links lark rise to candleford at bbc .
archbishop desmond tutu led a memorial service in cape town , where he called for south africa to become as a nation what mandela had been as a man .
still further west is the tortugas bank , which is completely submerged .
“ none of that lot know what a queue is. ” ball , who , like most of the shoppers , had not heard of the us-inspired black friday sales until now , said she had come out especially to buy her grandson a tv for christmas .
so far in 2012 , the area has received almost one million holidaymakers – more than 23,000 of them from outside india .
“ the real problem is that it is very limiting as to what you can do .
“ the house owner was not my friend but i talked with him for three hours , and now he is my friend .
“ i ’ m really excited by the potential it has and the applications for cooling , ” said marin soljačić , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
under his immense looming shoulder , his legs protrude like squat columns from the tough tank of his body .
the series attempted to create a setting of a gritty , realistic police station similar to that of nypd blue , but differed by focusing on the uniformed police officers rather than the detectives .
“ a lot of my job is listening to people ’ s lives all day , every day and it started to feel so overwhelming to go on social media and see every single detail of everybody ’ s life , including people that i don ’ t really have a relationship with , ” she said .
publications scope and preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .
margaret thatcher , the most dominant british prime minister since winston churchill in 1940 and a global champion of the late 20th-century free market economic revival , has died .
but , in 2013 , one of the mothers , who is 33 and unemployed , sued her ex-partner for maintenance for her daughter .
“ the main reason they stopped riding bikes was because of hills. ” pedego has opened nearly 60 stores in the us and it has sold bikes to tour companies in san francisco and washington , dc .
the note will feature turner ’ s 1799 self-portrait , which currently hangs in tate britain , as well as one of his most recognizable works , the fighting temeraire , a tribute to the ship that played a distinguished role in nelson ’ s victory at the battle of trafalgar in 1805 .
already , bergsland says , visitor numbers are up for the time of year and rjukan ’ s shopkeepers have reported their takings following suit .
the show enjoyed a revival on the game show network in 2002 , and was renamed whammy !
pueblos are traditional communities of native americans in the southwestern united states of america .
facebook is also a minefield for brands .
“ not just people who you would characterize as poor – working- and middle-class families are also having a hard time .
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
she was thrust into the public glare after she wrote a blog for the bbc urdu service describing her experiences struggling to get an education under the rising power of taliban militants .
the cost of meat is rising , not just in terms of hard cash but also in terms of the amount of rainforest that is destroyed for grazing or to grow feedstuff for cattle .
the results show that something other than “ the relative-age effect ” – the greater maturity of those born early in the school year – is at work , especially as the fittest children were not the tallest or heaviest , he added .
back in the mid-1960s , goodfellow was working as a development engineer and had been asked to devise a way to enable customers to withdraw cash from banks on saturdays .
“ the entrepreneurs do an indiegogo campaign – they don ’ t even actually launch the project , but the campaign itself is enough market proof for venture capitalists to say there is a market for this .
the pkcs # 1 standard also incorporates processing schemes designed to provide additional security for rsa signatures , e.g. , the probabilistic signature scheme for rsa -lrb- rsa-pss -rrb- .
you can be aagot , arney or ásfríður ; baldey , bebba or brá .
it ’ s becoming clear that clean water is one of the world ’ s most valuable commodities and one that will soon be in short supply .
if he does n't like the way a relationship is going , he tries to " fizzle " things out .
the latest critic , iron maiden ’ s bruce dickinson , has vowed never to bring his band to glastonbury festival after dismissing it as “ the most bourgeois thing on the planet ” .
arunachal pradesh -lrb- , -rrb- is the easternmost state of india .
emmen is a municipality and a town in the northeastern netherlands .
glastonbury has got to the point where it can ’ t find any more big acts and that ’ s the pinnacle of the festivals .
one strong reason for the drop in prison numbers might be the amount of post-prison support available in sweden .
there , mahadev satyanarayanan takes digital snapshots of computer hard drives while they run different software programs .
these are the important things for our society when these people are released. ” i spoke to a former prisoner who now runs a social enterprise called x-cons sweden .
the document claims “ collection directly from the servers ” of major us service providers .
he told the guardian that the applicants so far ranged in age from 18 to at least 62 and , though they include women , they tended to be men .
the policy has been credited with a fall in cocaine production in the country , leading some experts to see the bolivian model as a way forward for other countries .
tropical storm arlene formed near honduras on june 8 and moved northwards .
new , more resistant species have been identified .
the same is true for armenia , which , like other countries of the former soviet union , benefited from a robust education system .
but what ’ s monstrous is the way crossbreed dogs have been bred and marketed since the labradoodle ’ s inventor , wally conron , ﬁrst created the breed in the 1980s .
we hope he might be a new solution. ” building the prototype of telepathy one was easy , iguchi says .
two stellar occultations by psyche have been observed -lrb- from mexico on march 22 , 2002 , and another on may 16 , 2002 -rrb- .
he also says the dutch mars one team have displayed “ a certain naivety ” in believing they can succeed alone in the supposed $ 6bn mission and should now accept it is very unlikely to happen .
while the iphone was still a gleam in steve jobs ’ s eye , blackberry ’ s innovations ensured its smartphone was one of canada ’ s biggest exports .
the idea was hatched at the 2014 united nations climate change conference , hosted in lima .
“ but then they made us sign a non-disclosure agreement if we wanted to be interviewed and then , all of a sudden , it changed from being a proper regional interview over several days to being a ten-minute skype call. ” roche told the guardian he did not want to give more interviews as he was wary about being negative about the idea of space travel .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
residents have been forced to make nine-hour round trips to the nearest big island to get cash and greek visitors say they can ’ t get together enough money to come .
unfortunately , it was not to be .
throughout a momentous day at liverpool ’ s anglican cathedral for the families of the 96 people who died so needlessly at sheffield wednesday ’ s hillsborough football ground , one phrase dominated above all else : the truth .
is this the end of downloading ?
the world faces the likelihood of an increased risk of climate change as a result of this runaway consumption of the highest carbon fossil fuel .
though he was raised in a devout lutheran household , bergman later stated that he lost his faith at age eight years , and only came to terms with this fact while making winter light .
it was discovered from the images taken by voyager 2 on january 20 , 1986 and was given the temporary designation s / 1986 u 8 .
none found a buyer .
one would want to know a lot more. ” more castaways : poon lim , a chinese sailor from a british ship sunk by a german submarine in 1942 , survived 133 days on a wooden raft floating in the south atlantic before being rescued by brazilian fishermen .
the labour law of bangladesh 2006 bans children under the age of 14 from working but , according to the un children ’ s agency , unicef , 4.7 million children under that age are employed in the informal sector and 1.3 million aged five to 17 work in hazardous industries .
anderson said : “ the takeaway message is that guilty people fidget more and we can measure this robustly. ” anderson added that the research had a special significance at this time , against the background of the us senate report on torture by the cia .
“ the government is playing its part : we have made pay secrecy clauses illegal , given tribunals the power to force employers who break equal pay laws to carry out equal pay audits and signed 120 companies up to our think , act , report scheme , which encourages companies to improve the way they recruit , promote and pay women .
the bombs killed 15 students in a university cafeteria on 28 march .
the welsh assembly has voted to adopt the opt-out policy , which will allow hospitals to act on the assumption that people who die want to donate unless they have specifically registered an objection .
axani started the non-profit organization after his reddit post went viral and intends to offer round-the-world-trips to survivors of abuse , cancer and war .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
despite fears that large carnivores are doomed to extinction because of rising human populations and overconsumption , a study published in science has found that large-predator populations are stable or rising in europe .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
but renting a one-bedroom flat would cost more than £420 a month before bills , which would take up a lot of her earnings .
this fact suggests that the yankees are a superlative baseball franchise , rather than simply the us baseball team that has won most often .
after gathering a list of names from fans and conducting an online poll , the feature was named ecw x-stream on october 31 , 2007 .
the mindfulness colouring book pushes this perspective particularly strongly , with its publisher telling readers that it is “ filled with templates for exquisite scenes and intricate , sophisticated patterns , prompting you to meditate on your artwork as you mindfully and creatively fill these pages with colour ” , and urging potential colourers to “ take a few minutes out of your day , wherever you are , and colour your way to peace and calm ” .
as at previous world cups , ticketing has been a problem , with many empty seats at several games , including the netherlands against spain .
it is produced by antix productions , led by yvette fielding and her husband , karl beattie .
“ this is not a beer that is aimed at women – it ’ s our hoppiest brew , ” says thomas bingebo , the head brewer at ocean .
he said he would like to visit that region , though he would first need to learn “ what country actually owns them ” .
so , how did this happen ?
analysts who logged into the nsa ’ s metadata-gathering system were initially allowed to examine data up to three hops away from an individual .
“ isolated , ” he replies .
the group , which rose to prominence after staging a sit-in at vodafone stores , topshop and fortnum & mason , turned its attentions to starbucks last month after an investigation by reuters discovered the company had paid only £8.6m in corporation tax since launching in the uk in 1998 , despite cumulative sales of £3bn .
it is very sad that a government has ignored the best advice and chosen a method that is ineffective and counterproductive , ” he said , “ and , even if they monitor drumlines through the day , leaving the lines in at night could attract other predators to the area , attracted by those sharks and other species hooked and injured. ” worldwide , in 2012 , there were 80 attacks by sharks .
as in the last few years , john lewis has drummed up interest in their most recent ad with a teaser campaign on tv and social media using the hashtag # onthemoon .
it was founded circa 1958 – 1959 by malaclypse the younger with the publication of its principal text , the principia discordia .
the big increase is in adult deaths .
2 ethical hacker typical salary : £60,000 to £90,000 at team- leader level , while a newly qualified hacker can expect a minimum salary of £35,000 to £50,000 .
having been a late-60s mime and cabaret entertainer , he evolved into a singer-songwriter , a pioneer of glam-rock , then veered into what he called “ plastic soul ” , before moving to berlin to create innovative electronic music .
the aes ciphers have been analyzed extensively and are now used worldwide , as was the case with its predecessor , the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .
“ the rates for these are not going down over time , ” he said .
e-bikes are also pricey .
despite a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a wind field 575 miles -lrb- 930 km -rrb- in diameter .
the third big finding was , murray said , “ a surprise to us ” .
“ these are pretty significant mountains. ” the detailed image of one edge of the dwarf planet showed not a single crater , hinting that the surface has been recently “ paved over ” by geological activity , which could include dramatic geysers blasting plumes of ice into the atmosphere or cryo-volcanoes that erupt in explosions of ice rather than molten rock .
in brief remarks at the white house shortly before the house vote , obama said he hoped the deal would “ lift the cloud of uncertainty ” that had hung over the country in recent weeks .
there were about 20 tourists and locals on the pier , looking at this lovely spectacle .
working extensively with the bbc , ross has presented the film programme since 1997 , his own chat show , friday night with jonathan ross since 2001 , and a radio show on bbc radio 2 beginning in 1999 .
it ’ s joyous to see , ” said wyllie .
bruises often induce pain but are not normally dangerous .
the use of each win creates a ripple effect across this generation and very often the next . ”
“ production of food is one of the biggest production sectors in the world and , if one-third of all this is just produced in vain , you can imagine what a huge impact this has on the natural resources – on land , water , energy and greenhouse gas emissions. ” the worst food waste offenders are the us , canada , australia and new zealand , where consumers waste 39 % of all food purchased , followed by europe , where about 31 % of all food purchased by consumers is thrown away .
“ it really peaked about two years ago .
“ you can ’ t make mountains out of methane and nitrogen , ” said spencer .
we think it will be number one in terms of total sales for not just years but decades to come . ”
in the report , the cost of inequality : how wealth and income extremes hurt us all , published just before the world economic forum in davos , the charity calls on world leaders to curb income extremes and commit to reducing inequality to at least 1990 levels .
the hanseatic city of greifswald is enclosed by the district , but does not belong to it .
the htf is made up of a synthetic thermal oil solution that is pumped towards a heat tank containing molten sands that can store heat energy for three hours , allowing the plant to power homes into the night .
over the past decade , there has been increasing recognition of the problem , she said , but “ one has to recognize that it is a complex problem .
the government said it would consider prohibiting employers from charging workers an admin fee or any other deductions .
76 this association has reinforced the fox 's supernatural significance .
“ having players with so many problems and complaining to the tournament that it ’ s too hot to play ; until somebody dies , they just keep going on with it and putting matches on in this heat .
qualifications : you don ’ t necessarily need a degree in computer science .
aaron brindle , project leader , said : “ i live in toronto and i absolutely take for granted that everything is where it should be and that this map is kind of my world , but for so long that hasn ’ t been the case in the north. ” unlike more populous and accessible parts of the world , which have been mapped using a special camera mounted on a car roof , the iqaluit project had mappers hiking the town ’ s snow-packed roads and traversing little-known trails , some of which are made of ice and disappear in the brief summer months .
“ once labor day comes and the season is over and people ’ s hours start to be cut back , our numbers go up to about 400 families a week , ” she says .
it is theorized that they made up for this deficiency by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba .
as the ice bucket challenge notched up $ 100m for a us motor-neurone- disease charity and £4.5m for a british one , as well as thousands more for charities in hong kong and australia , the bracing cold water of a backlash has quickly followed .
web colors are colors used in designing web pages , and the methods for describing and specifying those colors .
they gathered details on calls made to and from a list of organizations , including hospitals , pharmacies , religious groups , legal services , firearms retailers and repair firms .
setting aside epic disaster-movie moments such as volcanoes , hurricanes and earthquakes , there are two key natural factors that can make a city vulnerable to gradual disintegration or even total disappearance – water and sand .
kensington palace announced at 8.30pm that the baby was born at 4.24pm in the exclusive lindo wing at st mary ’ s hospital , paddington , west london .
the third digit designates the government district -lrb- in areas without government districts a zero is used instead -rrb- .
he was responsible there for music , the organ , directing chants and choir , etc .
as the truth about the mysterious others begins to unfold , one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways , and the cause of the plane crash is revealed .
chlamydia is easily treated with antibiotics .
while the inauguration is not until january , in effect obama embarked on his second term on wednesday .
a retired secretary , sparbo has lived all her life in rjukan and says people “ do sort of get used to the shade .
our new international survey across 33 countries shows just how wrong the world is about a range of key social realities .
his policies for deporting every undocumented immigrant in the us and demanding that mexico pays for a border wall – “ a real wall .
she didn ’ t get anything .
the forms included questions about each ape ’ s mood , the enjoyment they gained from socializing , and their success at achieving certain goals .
rivers that used to flow through the city down to the sea have had to be diverted because they can not drain uphill .
but it is the wreck of the towers , a grand mansion set among acres of hornbeams , oaks and limes , that is most dramatic , with its huge , high-ceiling halls occupied by pigeons and its walls turned bright green by algae as water pours through three storeys and plinks into a vast , empty , basement swimming pool .
strydom added : “ your guess is as good as mine what the court may decide .
while not lethal , consuming this mushroom leads to very severe cramps , vomiting , and diarrhea .
she said : “ looking at elite , senior athletes , there are many factors that go into making a champion and our work hasn ’ t uncovered anything to suggest that month of birth is one of the key ingredients . ”
it ’ s not as quiet as it used to be. ” according to the wwf report , ecosystems in the park could support hydropower generation , fishing and ecotourism , and play an important role in providing secure water supplies , regulating climate and preventing soil erosion .
he liked to dabble in modern art .
what the spaniards then called " chocolatl " was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
but , of course , it is an image of brutality .
“ i didn ’ t know it was so sought after .
“ when i was inside , i was lucky .
the " angels " name originates from the city that was their original home , los angeles .
in 1861 , parts of caldwell county , burke county , mcdowell county , watauga county , and yancey county were combined to form mitchell county .
in some ways , we may have expected this more educated sample to get closer to reality – those with higher education levels tend to be more accurate on these types of questions .
in 2012 , for every 84 men aged 60 and over , there were 100 women .
will & grace became a ratings success , and messing gained renown .
but is making calculated judgments about a person based on their footwear actually any less invasive ?
reopening the mine would provide more than 1,000 precious jobs .
wales has acted because of an acute shortage of organs .
“ we are already involved in high tension transportation lines to cover the full south of morocco and mauritania as a first step , ” says ahmed baroudi , manager of société d ’ investissements energétiques , the national renewable energy investment firm .
do you want your child to be good at sport , make the school team and , maybe one day , even compete on the world stage ?
it has recently topped 9m users , with 500,000 venezuelans downloading the app in a single weekend .
the nowhatta mosque , where in the summer of 2010 youths would gather after friday prayers to throw stones at the security forces , is to become part of an official walking tour focused on heritage , crafts and markets .
jared goodman , director of animal law for people for the ethical treatment of animals ( peta ) , which has been leading campaigns against seaworld , said : “ seaworld is in the midst of a spying scandal , animals are dying in its tanks and tens of thousands of people have opposed its bid to build a new orca prison so it should come as no surprise that seaworld ’ s quarterly earnings have plummeted yet again in the second quarter .
the german battleship bismarck is one of the most famous warships of the second world war .
while our ability to breath-hold may not be all that special , when we compare ourselves with other animals , it ’ s now proving very useful in one particular area of medicine .
“ you see a lot of reconstructions of these people hunting and gathering and they look like modern europeans with light skin .
the body awarded credit for the discovery of element 113 , which had also been claimed by the russians and americans , to a team of scientists from the riken institute in japan .
a less dangerous method of concealment is to stuff the banknotes into a car chassis .
“ we ’ ve lost indians in london .
modi , who started his career as an organizer for a hardline hindu nationalist organization , has been previously criticized for promoting a view of indian culture that has little place for other traditions .
the tinies can be as young as eight to eleven years old. ” the young are brought in to shield their seniors from risk .
a hunting dog refers to any dog who assists humans in hunting .
“ now i can sleep through anything. ” and , the risks are multiplying even closer to home .
leahy and sensenbrenner say yes ; feinstein says no. ” wyden suggested that recent concern about nsa spying on foreign leaders had distracted from the real focus on mass domestic surveillance in the us .
style in bruegel 's later years he painted in a simpler style than the italianate art that prevailed in his time .
if the remainder of the 21st century unfolds like its ﬁrst decade , we will soon experience climate extremes well outside the boundaries of human experience . ”
the art in my books is super intricate. ” the illustrator , who lives in aberdeenshire , has been astonished at the reaction since she released secret garden in 2013 .
hundreds of guests were flown to barcelona for the ceremony and party , which took place in a museum in the city .
express a vague interest in canoeing and you ’ ll get ads for canoes wherever you go .
in addition , he teamed up with mick jagger to record the fundraising single dancing in the street , which sped to number 1 .
most people are incapable of doing it correctly and shouldn ’ t even try. ” tabata doesn ’ t completely agree .
“ nutrition is one of the key things if you are taking antiretroviral drugs , ” said chon .
obama has called for tax increases on households earning more than $ 250,000 ; boehner has rejected any tax increases .
we had a big meeting with the accord to make them understand they have to come forward or how will we help our workers ? ” said shaidullah azim , a director of the bangladeshi garment manufacturers and exporters association .
but , once again , this isn ’ t evidence of an aquatic ape ancestry , as it turns out to be a very general characteristic of air-breathing vertebrates .
should those in their 50s and above come in at 8am , while those in their 30s start at 10am and the teenage intern or apprentice be encouraged to turn up at 11am ?
each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
it is often responsible for adverse weather throughout the world .
worse still , it is not only readily available but easy to make – tailor-made for a society that sees little light at the end of the tunnel .
to see if the effect was found only in students , the scientists recruited more than 100 people , aged 18 to 77 , from a church and a farmers ’ market .
shakespeare ’ s globe is completing the first world tour in the history of theatre , in which it has taken hamlet to almost every country – north korea is still holding out .
they denied me , but i just wanted to get a feel for what they were asking for. ” from there , the former table-tennis coach began to weave an intricate web of accounts , payments and transfers .
writing after universal studios acquired the movie rights to firefly from fox , whedon began writing the screenplay .
it was occupied by the romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century bce .
but i believe that everyone wants to be understood and to understand each other .
since its launch in 1994 , the lottery has created 3,000 millionaires who have won more than £8.5bn in total , at an average of £2.8m each .
the uk ’ s submission to the un , which oversees the convention , said that it “ acknowledges and respects the cultural importance of the coca leaf in bolivia ” , but it adds : “ the united kingdom is … concerned that the reservation could lead to increases in coca production and – crucially – the amount of coca diverted to the cocaine trade .
“ we want to defend the liberal values of amsterdam , ” he says .
on one hand , it produces a loyal following that is attracted to that persona which will not leave you .
he is best known as an educator of poor children and an advocate of conscientious objection .
it reminded me of catching a chairlift by yourself – a bit of solitude i found really enjoyable. ” google says that the principal aim of the project is to improve safety and that , because the car is constructed with impact-absorbing foam at the front and a plastic windscreen , “ it should be far safer than any other car for pedestrians ” .
“ mars one believes it is not only possible , but imperative that we establish a permanent settlement on mars in order to accelerate our understanding of the formation of the solar system , the origins of life and , of equal importance , our place in the universe , ” it says .
however , admirals have always needed additional facilities ; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet , and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders .
new regulations will introduce the tests to reveal what cars ’ emissions are like when driving on roads and in traffic rather than in ideal , laboratory-like conditions , as is currently the case .
one has already met the mau mau claimants ’ lawyers .
history landsberg prison , which is in the town 's western outskirts , was completed in 1910 .
the value of the data , which is not subject to the same legal protections as the content of people ’ s communications , has long been recognized by the security services .
“ i ’ m more privacy-minded and have concerns about giving out my data , ” said raskauskas , who is currently looking for a job .
the authors are drawing attention to the role of pathogens in pre-agricultural lives and that is interesting . ”
as a society , we have shown we are prepared to take action to increase organ donation and to provide hope to those people waiting every week for a transplant .
“ what he taught his two daughters , my mother taught me and i have then given to my sons , ” she said .
yet bringing these systems into the physical world isn ’ t a simple case of copy and paste .
almost 60 years after ray kroc opened his first restaurant in des plaines , illinois , consumers are losing their appetite for a big mac and fries .
“ on some sites , there was an option to click , saying : 'i ’ d like kids someday , ' but you would read the person ’ s profile and think : 'you will never have time ! '
pew research center found that most young people are more than willing to hand over their details .
1263 - the chieftains of the eastern part of iceland become the last to pledge fealty to the norwegian king , bringing a more complete end to the icelandic commonwealth and the icelandic civil war .
the association pour la taxation des transactions financières pour l ' aide aux citoyens -lrb- association for the taxation of financial transactions for the aid of citizens , attac -rrb- is an activist organization for the establishment of a tax on foreign exchange transactions .
unsurprisingly , the anaerobic digestion ( the process that takes place when bacteria eat the decomposing waste and produce methane ) smells like rotten eggs .
“ the world needs to find a different path . ”
“ after they cross their school age , it is really very difficult to admit them into school , ” says mamun .
originally she was viewed as the protector goddess of lower egypt , and consequently depicted as a fierce lioness .
' ” he said .
“ allowing private companies to register geographical names as gtlds to reinforce their brand strategy or to profit from the meaning of these names does not serve , in our view , the public interest , ” the brazilian ministry of science and technology said .
“ it ’ s their job to collect the rubbish and to try and change the habits of their residents. ” the project aims to encourage citizens to be “ vultures on the ground ” : to report fly-tipping , cut back on their own waste and recycle .
there is no telling what they are buying .
he is working on a program that proposes using drones to inspect infrastructure – pipelines , telephone lines , bridges and so on .
upon becoming a tropical cyclone , the depression maintained multiple cloud swirls within a common center .
shares dropped on the dow in anticipation of continued gridlock .
but pelphrey said oxytocin might help the brain learn from social interactions ; it would work best when used with therapies that encourage people with autism to engage more socially , he said .
it ’ s hard to sleep if you ’ re one of the 15 million american shift workers who work irregular hours .
this has happened in the us , owing to the extraordinary increase in the production of shale gas in that market in the past five years .
when it companies go out of business , or stop supporting their products , they may sell the rights on , making it a nightmarish task to get approval .
nancie prud ’ homme , projects director at the international centre on human rights and drug policy , criticized the co-ordinated opposition to bolivia ’ s demands .
the guardian was unable to reach anitta for comment .
“ they have put their lives on hold , unable to make major decisions like buying a house , redecorating , having a child or opening a business. ” after years of dithering , the city has finally unveiled a master plan for how it will proceed .
it is the cover subject of the march 2009 edition of hot rod deluxe , a " retro " version of hot rod magazine .
“ i write poems about everything .
“ we talk about it as stealth wealth .
although a nasa scientist said kelly embodied the qualities needed for a mission to mars , the astronaut himself predicted that he would not fly again with the space agency .
it is the established convention of the scientific community to define the vitreous electrification as positive , and the resinous electrification as negative .
good basic health care introduced decades ago in chile and costa rica has served the ageing populations of those countries .
modern african history has been rife with revolutions and wars as well as the growth of modern african economies and democratization across the continent .
the world bank , too , expressed its relief that the global economy had “ dodged a potential catastrophe ” , with its president , jim yong kim , urging policymakers in all countries to “ continue to focus on crafting and implementing policies that promote economic growth and boost jobs and opportunity for all ” .
such gaps could ultimately decide who became a top-level athlete because , as the paper says , “ selection into elite sports may often depend on very small margins or differences in an individual ’ s physical performance ” .
kittinger jumped from a balloon 19 miles above the planet in 1960 .
only smuggling across the syrian border , and humanitarian aid ameliorated the humanitarian crisis .
i once had to dissect a tub of dead eels to examine parasites living in them , moments before jumping into a suit for a meeting with government ofﬁcials .
to succeed as an ethical hacker , you need … a passion for technology and detail .
“ this is europe ’ s most precious bird sanctuary , both in terms of indigenous species and also as a resting place for birds that migrate between africa and britain and other parts of north-west europe , ” says laurence rose of the rspb ( royal society for the protection of birds ) .
allen herself , wearing a thick turquoise shirt , navy knitted waistcoat , black slacks and sensible shoes , has not broken into a sweat .
but all the locals we spoke to in srinagar were wholeheartedly in favour of tourism .
levels of interest in the rumour that rogue one will also feature the reappearance of darth vader , the black-clad villain of the original series , only confirmed the power of star wars nostalgia .
for hoxton analytics and the retailers using the technology , the answer is to look downwards .
“ i have never seen such an inappropriate and improper use of chemical agents , ” kamran loghman told the new york times .
so far , there are high-detail maps of about 2,000 miles of california ’ s roads , but the state has more than 170,000 miles of public roads .
she described a trip her mother had taken her on in the early 1990s to a lecture at the university of wisconsin .
the research was funded by the eu and an organic farming charity .
the polish people , or poles -lrb- , singular polak -rrb- , are a western slavic ethnic group of central europe , living predominantly in poland .
the question is : where to keep it safe ?
“ it was a real adventure .
the problem with google glasses , says takahito iguchi , is that they ’ re not cool .
“ it means that third opinions can be gathered , investigations can be re-examined and cases can be reopened , ” he said .
the computer also identified cucumber dna all over the city , mason said .
as part of his series , ’ if our bodies could talk ’ , hamblin , a relatively sane- looking man , took on a no-showering challenge to examine the effect of over-cleansing the body .
among the fatalities blamed on satnavs ( satellite navigation devices ) was the death of a driver who , in 2010 , plunged into a reservoir in spain .
what is more , there were no dates in his calendar of events he personally had to attend .
a new road for 4x4s is being built to lukla to guarantee the flow of tourists and their money , but byers is concerned that the rapid spread of the road network in nepal is being done on the cheap , with disastrous consequences in terms of soil erosion and landslides .
national symbols intend to unite people by creating visual , verbal , or iconic representations of the national people , values , goals , or history .
but the current 'new european drive cycle ' laboratory test for measuring these emissions is a quarter of a century old and has been outpaced by technological developments in the car industry .
getting indians , and others , stretching has emerged as something of a focus for modi , who led his bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) to a landslide election victory in 2014 .
peter cheese , the chief executive of the cipd , said : “ there does need to be a closer look at what is meant by a zero-hours contract , the different forms that they take and clearer guidance on what good and bad practice in their use looks like .
teixeira , the former son-in-law of the longstanding fifa president joão havelange , was charged alongside del nero and his predecessor , josé maria marin , who was charged in may .
however , during his third appearance , miller broke his collarbone in a fall .
whatever the case , there are a growing number of eyes between the shelves and they care a lot about what you ’ re wearing .
marcel junod -lrb- 1904-1961 -rrb- , a physician from geneva , was another famous delegate during the second world war .
from the biggest emerging tourist markets , 51 % of brazilians , 42 % of russians and chinese , and 35 % of indian visitors are likely to include a visit to a site of interest in their trips .
“ there are lads in there with three , four , five tellies .
if you have no fresh water and it doesn ’ t rain for a few days , so you can ’ t collect rainwater , you have basically had it. ” individual physiology also plays a part , he said , with some people better suited to survival than others .
in retirement , she wrote highly successful memoirs in two volumes and campaigned energetically on behalf of the thatcher foundation , which sought to promote her values around the world .
as facebook prepares to update investors on its performance in the first three months of the year , with analysts forecasting revenues up 36 % on last year , studies suggest that its expansion in the us , uk and other major european countries has peaked .
even the government ’ s top spokesman , yoshihide suga , was moved to comment on the scandal .
however , he was criticised for the un 's failure to act during the 1994 rwandan genocide , which officially left over 1 million people dead , and he appeared unable to muster support in the un for intervention in the continuing angolan civil war .
handing over his text in the forest , sheltered from the intermittent rain by an umbrella and amid the foot-high shoots of 1,000 pine trees , mitchell read his damp audience of children and adults a short story and william wordsworth ’ s a slumber did my spirit seal .
“ her cv isn ’ t bad , but now the question is : will she be good enough ? ” added another .
there are now an estimated 1,500 wolves in poland .
i want to go beyond that . ”
since the registry does not recognize the name of harriet ’ s 12-year-old brother , duncan , either , the two children have , until now , travelled on passports identifying them as stúlka and drengur cardew : girl and boy cardew .
44-47 the plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the primary mode of public transportation .
hmrc estimates around £32bn was lost to tax avoidance in 2011 .
helene was a long-lived cape verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the north atlantic ocean , peaking as a category 3 hurricane on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central atlantic .
planning is a very big part of it .
they ’ ve even done a delivery to a hospital delivery room .
they may not know who steve jobs was or even how to tie their own shoelaces , but the average six-year-old child understands more about digital technology than a 45-year-old adult , according to an authoritative new report .
it was important to me to leave an organization in the strongest possible shape and i believe i have done so .
“ that has implications for foreign policy .
neodymium is a chemical element with the symbol nd and atomic number 60 .
when a course is open entry – moocs have no enrolment criteria and no fees to pay – then participants are going to behave very differently from students in a traditional higher education setting .
the mechanical digger was still chewing the tarmac off the council car park , identified by years of research by local historians and the richard iii society as the probable site of the lost church of grey friars , whose priests bravely claimed the body of the king and buried him in a hastily dug grave , probably still naked , but in a position of honour near the high altar of their church .
six species live in the greater caribbean region , including the queen conch , and the west indian fighting conch , strombus pugilis .
a good proportion of these offenders go on to populate adult jails .
the tucson , arizona-based international dark-sky association ( ida ) confers the status only on places that take major steps to avoid light pollution .
in africa , desertification is causing the sahara to spread south at a rate of 30 miles per year , threatening settlements in northern mauritania .
under the ring name test , martin wrestled for world wrestling federation -lrb- later world wrestling entertainment -rrb- from 1998 – 2004 , and 2006 – 2007 .
but also we eat honey , and honey is the vomit of a bee .
while pipelining can in theory increase performance over an unpipelined core by a factor of the number of stages -lrb- assuming the clock frequency also scales with the number of stages -rrb- , in reality , most code does not allow for ideal execution .
if you absolutely must specify a font size , use a relative size like font-size : 80 % , not an absolute size like font-size : 8pt .
the low gradually became better organized and was determined to have become a tropical depression the next morning while located 50 mi -lrb- 80 km -rrb- northeast of the nicaragua / honduras border .
it was discovered by scott s. sheppard , et al .
and more surface and groundwater , or “ blue water ” , is used to produce wasted food around the globe than is used for agriculture by any single country , including india and china .
“ so , i reconsidered and started handing them out to the boyfriends . ”
the precursor to hurricane beulah was a tropical wave moving across the tropical atlantic .
we still have some work to do , to tell others that they ’ ll enjoy it. ” true to inzozi nziza ’ s motto , the shop can certainly make dreams come true .
“ i set out to develop a cash-issuing machine and , to make this a reality , i invented the pin [ personal identification number ] and an associated coded token. ” this token took the form of a plastic card with holes punched in it .
more controversially , senior politicians in india have suggested more widespread practice of yoga could bring down soaring levels of sexual violence in the country .
fitted with his tracker , he is set free above the city , where he identifies clandestine dumps and records the gps coordinates ona live map .
in fact , the bond brand is stronger than ever , after the record-breaking performance of skyfall , which became the biggest ever film at the uk box office on its release in 2012 and , with its total earnings of $ 1.1bn , currently stands in ninth place of all-time largest earners .
a study by foodservicewarehouse.com suggested that swapping pork and beef for crickets and locusts could help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 95 % .
biology is an important aspect but not the only one. ” the families are of zulu ethnicity and so zulu tradition , culture and customary law will be a factor , she added .
these included hiv and other sexually transmitted infections , depression , women turning to alcohol , unwanted pregnancies and low-birthweight babies .
some of the eight-strong class look as if they need it more than others .
8 flora -lrb- , -rrb- is a large , bright main belt asteroid .
brazilians tend to be too nice sometimes – they enjoy partying rather than protesting – but something is changing , ” said deli borsari , a 53-year-old yoga instructor .
it was not so much how hard people found the challenge but how far they would go to avoid it that left researchers gobsmacked .
“ why does one speak of a 'lone-wolf gunman ' ?
us consumer prices rose 11 % over the same period .
the javan rhinoceros is also on the verge of extinction .
the usual suspects are being blamed for the new low – women leaving it “ too late ” and couples cohabiting and waiting to start families .
celan beausoleil , 31 , oakland , california beausoleil is a social worker and has had an “ on and off , more off than on ” relationship with facebook .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
“ anywhere else in europe , this place would have the utmost protection , but here they want to get rid of it all and cover it with buildings , ” he said .
finally , the town had no cultural life that could offer competition to wagner 's own artistic dominance .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
rollercoaster tycoon -lrb- or often abbreviated rct -rrb- is a series of computer games that simulate amusement park management .
in sabaa bahrat square , in what was supposed to be the safest part of damascus , a car bomb detonated , leaving a blackened concrete facade , broken windows and mangled metal as well as blast damage to the imposing structure of the syrian central bank next door .
given these assumptions it is possible to calculate how often they can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss arbitrarily improbable .
the impact of a rare “ ice tsunami ” in 2013 on the canadian municipality of ochre beach was just a taster : a wall of melting iceberg on dauphin lake was blown by winds on to the shore , splintering every house in its path .
“ over time , what you would expect to see is more appropriate social responding , being more interested in interacting with other people , more eye contact and more conversational ability , ” said kevin pelphrey , director of the child neuroscience lab at yale university .
but buyers of luxury goods searching for the psychological satisfaction of exclusivity are becoming increasingly demanding , the kotak mahindra report says .
i mean , how many british citizens did you lose in 9/11 ?
the hotel launched an investigation and went on to correct more than 50 menu items at dozens of its restaurants .
mason said people should not be concerned about getting urinary-tract infections from subway seats .
luis suárez miramontes -lrb- born may 2 , 1935 -rrb- is a spanish former footballer and manager .
“ one climber can spend $ 85,000 climbing everest .
but a new generation appears to be seeing it as less of a threat and rather as something that will complement and substantiate conventional methods and possibly even one day replace them , though probably not entirely .
it sold strongly and reprinted but it was in 2014 that it all really mushroomed with art therapy .
she has even starred in an irish tourist-board ad campaign in which a girl says she would like to touch a dolphin .
the 1977 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1977 , and lasted until november 30 , 1977 .
reduce .
younger diners are deserting the restaurant in droves to eat out at rivals such as chipotle mexican grill .
“ we get a lot of people coming here to see the sky now , ” says the man at the car-hire firm in newcastle .
the prototype , made from high-density foam , aluminium and silicone , has been tested in parts .
lloyd jassin , a new york intellectual property lawyer , told time that the case would be unlikely to be considered in the united states because the book would be protected by the first amendment .
between 1911 and 1913 , he was employed by his uncle in the office of the branch coalmines in west virginia .
most importantly , and spoken like a true navigator , tua says politicians must seek a different route to avoid the pending ecological crises that are beginning to befall the small island nations .
in an emotional speech , he announced he was to step down .
7 in-flight radiation when body scanners were introduced at airports there were radiation scares but the level produced is the same as passengers receive in one minute of flight .
run-off from the waste contaminates lima ’ s main water source , the rimac river , as well as the chillon and lurin rivers , which flow into the bay of lima .
typical duties include managing other staff , serving at every meal , running errands , looking after guests , booking restaurants , house security , housekeeping , cooking and anything else the household needs .
numbers seem to be taxing , but no one could really say why .
“ we have never known anything like it .
the support you have provided over the years has been truly humbling .
they , too , disliked being left to their thoughts .
extinction non-avian dinosaurs suddenly became extinct approximately 65 million years ago .
the main techniques concerned are woodcut , engraving and etching , although there are others .
it was wonderful because i could see where my roots came from. ” like her grandfather , erdmann said , she also liked culture and travelling around the world .
increased cloud cover in periods of normally clear weather is closing lukla airport , the gateway to the everest region , more often .
it was carnage. ” mysłajek says the improvement in polish wolves ’ survival chances has been considerable but remains fragile .
but , us researchers have documented persistent noise also occurring at medium and higher frequencies , including at 20,000hz where killer whales , also known as orcas , hear best .
while on vacation in london , fraser attended his first professional theatrical performance at the west end .
the opposite happens and doesn ’ t cause any problems .
a decade on , fissures are starting to appear in the ground , creeping ever closer to the town .
but google , in the us , sent a minor earthquake through the car and taxi industries as it unveiled the latest version of its driverless car .
the adoption success rate was outstanding .
in 1983 moyet and clarke decided to disband yazoo .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
i was lucky enough to meet sam amps , who was captain of the uk freedive team .
that other third is people who don ’ t get round to putting their names down .
the last major united nations ( un ) assessment , in 2007 , predicted runaway temperature rises of 6°c or more by the end of the century .
another big spender systematically bought identical pairs of louis vuitton bags , then cut up half of them to make clothes that would match her accessories .
the new elements , all spectacularly short-lived and highly radioactive , complete the periodic table ’ s seventh row and render science textbooks around the world out of date .
peter sands , the former head of standard chartered bank , has called for the abolition of high-denomination notes , including the €500 , the $ 100 , the 1,000 swiss franc note and the £50 .
the first layer is reflective silver .
pantaléon enrique costanzo granados y campiña -lrb- 27 july 1867 24 march 1916 -rrb- was a spanish catalan pianist and composer of classical music .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
it was to be the most commercially successful period of his career .
there is a lot of anecdotal evidence about the benefits but there aren ’ t any scientific facts yet. ” st ninian ’ s pupils will be compared with children from another school in stirling that has yet to start the scheme .
low-income countries will remain on the front line of human-induced climate change over the next century , experiencing gradual sea-level rises , stronger cyclones , warmer days and nights , more unpredictable rainfall , and larger and longer heatwaves , according to the most thorough assessment of the issue yet .
with the help of an albatross named orville , the mice fly to the bayou , and meet a dragonfly named evinrude , who speeds them in a leaf to the ship where penny is held .
betterboyfriend.me took off .
anders sandberg , who studies the ethics of neurotechnologies at the future of humanity institute at oxford university , said the work was “ very important ” in helping to understand how brains encode information .
that would be a bit too much like grocery shopping online. ” the response to the site has been overwhelming , he said .
at a conference in april in beijing , icann ’ s governmental advisory committee – the primary voice of national governments within the institution – recommended a freeze on disputed proposals .
“ we have been suffering economically in recent years and , now , we will suffer more , ” said lemnos mayor , dimitris marinakis .
this includes all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated over roughly 160,000 shinkansen trips completed .
when i am tipped well , the tips hugely impact on my finances .
and , as the british economy recovered from the severe recession that her monetarist medicine had inflicted on it – to tame the unions and cure inflation – she briefly seemed invincible .
in augustan rome , quirinus was also an epithet of janus , as janus quirinus .
later in life , she corresponded with gustave flaubert .
i can have a piazza cleaned .
as a prestigious “ platinum diner ” , she is regularly hand-picked by the mystery dining company to carry out their most exclusive assignments , enjoying £200 meals at michelin-starred mayfair restaurants , five-star hospitality at ascot and overnight stays at boutique hotels .
i really rely on tips because i am only paid £7 an hour .
“ i ’ ve done a lot of damage , ” he told the associated press .
life in many developing-country cities could become practically unbearable , given that urban temperatures are already well above those in surrounding countryside .
the elements are thus distinguished : yang wood , yin wood , yang fire , yin fire , etc .
“ tesco was scary so we came here instead , ” blackett said .
it was the day that the sun splashed its headline “ the truth ” over lies fed to it by four senior south yorkshire police officers .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
“ the basic rule is : no water , no food .
“ i ’ ve met a nice woman and she wants a baby too – so we shall see . ”
bolivia , ranked 46 , despite being one of the poorest countries , has introduced progressive policies for older people , with a national plan on ageing , free health care and a non-contributory universal pension .
he secured a full-time job in administration and worked as a dj .
when kate was three months pregnant , a decree issued by the queen said : “ all the children of the eldest son of the prince of wales should have and enjoy the style , title and attribute of royal highness with the titular dignity of prince or princess prefixed to their christian names or with such other titles of honour. ” following tradition , a formal notice was posted on an ornate rococo-style easel – the same used to announce prince william ’ s birth in 1982 – in the forecourt of buckingham palace shortly before 9pm .
kiruna ’ s rust-red wooden church , built in 1912 in a form that recalls the indigenous sami teepees , and once voted sweden ’ s most beautiful building , will take pride of place in a new park , while the cast- iron bell tower will stand once again above the town hall .
“ of course i read them , ” the prince said .
barbara stocking , oxfam ’ s chief executive , said extreme wealth was “ economically inefficient , politically corrosive , socially divisive and environmentally destructive ” .
“ if finding peace and quiet becomes difficult enough , many , many children will grow up without the experience and i think it ’ s a very real problem , ” he said .
“ i ’ ve created a lot of problems .
the name " gulf of california " predominates on most maps in english today .
these were the words most infamously abused by a headline in the sun newspaper , above stories which we now know , in extraordinarily shocking detail , were fed by the south yorkshire police to deflect their own culpability for the disaster on to the innocent victims .
2 the labradoodle the labradoodle isn ’ t a monster – it ’ s adorable , obviously .
a fugue forms the development section of the last movement of his piano sonata op .
the nadir in the animals ’ well-being occurred , on average , at 28.3 and 27.2 years old for the chimpanzees , and 35.4 years old for the orangutans .
“ the development of a new , real-world driving emission test is an important step forward in tackling urban air pollution .
the whitening shows us a profoundly intolerant society that doesn ’ t support diversity .
earth is the only place in the universe where life has been confirmed to exist .
it was launched on 7 december 1998 , and is available on digital television via satellite , cable , iptv and terrestrial -lrb- freeview -rrb- platforms .
but it would just not be viable because of the roads and sheep .
recovery russia bounced back from the august 1998 financial crash with surprising speed .
hahn has played with orchestras such as the london symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , stuttgart radio symphony orchestra , and the singapore symphony orchestra .
facebook is still growing fast in south america .
president dilma rousseff condones the protests , according to her aides .
the scientists focused their efforts on the better preserved of the two skeletons .
fit in four minutes .
these benefits are in some ways similar to those realized by owners of infrastructural capital which yields more goods , e.g. a factory which produces automobiles just as an apple tree produces apples .
in fact , competition is so fierce , she keeps her job a closely guarded secret and even her friends and family don ’ t know who she works for ( laura is not her real name ) .
iguchi ’ s augmented reality glasses , which aren ’ t really glasses so much as a single piece of metal with a camera and a micro-projector , are called telepathy one , and , after unveiling them at the south by southwest festival in austin , texas , they have attracted $ 5m of venture capital .
“ the body ’ s natural rhythm is controlled by a particular kind of light , ” says kelley .
bolivia ’ s re-accession could be blocked only if a third or more of the 184 countries that have signed up to the convention opposed its request .
many locals are also wondering why a resort should be built 10km away , rather than on wasteland near tarifa ’ s picturesque old centre , with its typically andalusian whitewashed walls and winding streets , dominated by a 10th-century moorish castle .
“ to be honest , i have never seen what my neighbours look like .
allen , a former volunteer with the red cross , has been leading classes in the north-east seaside town for 45 years .
it ’ s a minivan alternative . ”
“ i still have a blackberry , but i ’ m the only one , ” says a teenager standing with a circle of friends .
easily accessible from smartphones and tablets , subscription services are popular with people looking to try out new music without committing to buying a download or a cd .
since its creation , the distribution has become very different from slackware in most regards while still maintaining compatibility with its binary packages .
the event caused panic in chelyabinsk , a city of more than one million people to the south of russia ’ s ural mountains , as mobile phone networks swiftly became jammed by the volume of calls .
does this relative openness stem from a greater familiarity with digital technology or a blind belief in the goodwill of omnipresent organizations offering free services ?
the formation of armenian revolutionary groups began roughly around the end of the russo-turkish war of 1878 and intensified with the first introduction of article 166 of the ottoman penal code 166 , and the raid of erzerum cathedral .
holger von neuhoff , curator for ocean and science at the museum , said this bottled message was the oldest he had come across .
ground into flour and used to make injera , the spongy fermented flatbread that is basic to ethiopian cuisine , the grain is central to many religious and cultural ceremonies .
their lawyers had not asked for copies of closer magazine to be removed from shelves .
described as a “ tour de force ” by one researcher who was not involved in the study , the atlas demonstrates how modern imaging can transform our knowledge of how the brain performs some of its most important tasks .
“ it felt pretty hot , like you ’ re dancing in a frying pan or something like that , ” she said .
as climate turned against the woolly megafauna with the end of the last ice age , human spears probably delivered the coup de grâce .
she conveyed to me that it was traumatic .
more than a third of all women worldwide – 35.6 % – will experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetime , usually from a male partner , according to the first comprehensive study of its kind from the world health organization ( who ) .
wolves are – along with the brown bear , the lynx and the wolverine – europe ’ s last large predator carnivores .
unfortunately , said tua , the crews were forced to rely on modern navigation equipment on some occasions to reach australia in time for the congress .
but , while researchers are making progress in storing digital files for centuries , the programs and hardware needed to make sense of the files are continually falling out of use .
smart says that , with a lack of government funding and commitment to long-term rehabilitation , the challenges are immense , particularly in the current economic climate .
but the implications of the technology and its potential future uses are far broader , said sandberg .
they manifest with either neurological complications or with skin problems -lrb- or occasionally both -rrb- .
an additional attraction is the appearance of the international space station .
the species that produces tetanus appeared in soho and bacteria that cause dysentery appeared at a station in the bronx and another in harlem .
mobile browsers are optimized so as to display web content most effectively for small screens on portable devices .
stock markets in japan , china , hong kong and south korea initially reflected relief after the republicans finally capitulated in their failed attempt to undermine obama ’ s healthcare reforms .
so although he had a drug addiction , it never got dealt with .
after the sharpeville massacre , in which 69 black protesters were shot dead by police , he took the difficult decision to launch an armed struggle .
the inventor of a state-of-the-art computer-assisted autopsy system that is increasingly being used in european hospitals has claimed the technique could eventually mean there is no such thing as a 'perfect murder ' .
research has also found that there ’ s a black/white sleep gap .
german-speaking cities dominate the rankings in the 18th mercer quality of life study , with vienna joined by zurich , munich , dusseldorf and frankfurt in the top seven .
housing is , by far , the biggest cost in the hamptons .
“ for all these great houses , you have to invest in them .
this belief most likely stemmed from the fact that it is possible to have the furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by petting it whenever it said these words .
i thought the most likely date was 22 february , which is the feast of the chair of st peter .
he also has the support of a sports psychologist , liam slack , for regular guidance and an exercise regime to help him handle the 11km he runs during a game .
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
in addition to the fish , waste from the tanks is collected and used to irrigate crops , also providing food and income for the community , made up of 503 women , 206 men and 346 children .
“ countless fans around the world are in a constant state of vigilance waiting for the release of new poster art , new trailers and other information , ” said paul dergarabedian , senior media analyst at box-office monitor rentrak .
history the first mention of the town dates from 1178 .
but auctioneer frederic thut , the owner of the fine arts auction miami art house , who had refused all week to divulge the identity of the seller or how it came to be listed for sale through his gallery , announced that the piece , along with a second work by the secretive british street artist , had been withdrawn .
if there was no disruption , there would be no change , ” she said .
many other authors of this period described eastern mediterranean cooking in greek and in latin .
in addition , people around the world could get an immense value from simply knowing that the park is well managed and is safe for future generations , ” says the report .
rents for a one-bedroom home in the city are between £500 and £800 a month , while buying a similar property would cost about £130,000 .
neptune is the eighth and outermost-known planet from the sun in the solar system .
however , figures collated by the smoking toolkit study , a research body backed by the department of health that provides quarterly updates on smoking trends , show vaping ’ s appeal may be waning .
if a one-way mission to mars ever became possible , then i would always volunteer .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
the title is taken from a piece of music by japanese composer toru takemitsu but , other than admitting that “ it ’ s somewhat more substantial a thing than i was expecting ” , the author would say nothing .
“ i want to pick my date for the election .
twin cities and consulates manchester has formal twinning arrangements -lrb- or " friendship agreements " -rrb- with several places .
“ but the actual health risk of not using your brain effectively is not known. ” the way in which navigational technology is used could also affect its impact on our own abilities , says spiers .
“ they are taken care of so the whole situation is not going to repeat at the new house they are in , ” says boer .
at a far smaller rally in brasilia , demonstrators broke through police lines to enter the high-security area of the national congress .
today ’ s children do the majority of their remote socializing by sending written messages or through shared photographs and videos .
“ we were all left … ” – sanchéz barba looked around him in the bernini colonnade that embraces st peter ’ s square , grasping for the word , as speechless as the “ princes of the church ” who had just heard the man they believe to be god ’ s representative on earth give up on the job .
armed with the atlas , researchers can now piece together the brain networks that represent wildly different concepts , from numbers to murder and religion .
the storm continued to the southwest while deep convection persisted near the center .
the mayor , eberhard van der laan , insists his controversial new £810,000 policy to tackle antisocial behaviour is to protect victims of abuse and homophobia from harassment .
he was married to greek duchess sofia .
the dna threw up a series of surprises .
the main town is abingdon , other places include faringdon and wantage .
baumgartner , who claimed the records for the highest altitude manned balloon flight and the highest altitude skydive , raised his arms in a victory salute to thank his team .
“ it ’ s been crazy .
chief executive graham smith said the baby should be able to grow up without “ constant interference and intrusion ” .
health officials and the e-cigarette industry in britain are seeking to clarify what this mean – for instance , whether companies in the fast-expanding market face the same bans on sponsorship and promotion at sports events as tobacco firms .
apple , partly because of its scale and also partly because it treats music as “ art ” rather than “ content ” , has generally had strong relations with not just the music industry but artists themselves and , generally , it has a good reputation among artists .
within a decade , she had become known around the world – both admired and detested – for her pro-market domestic reforms and her implacable attitudes in foreign policy , including her long-running battle with the ira , which almost managed to murder her when it placed a bomb in the grand hotel , brighton , in 1984 .
after doing work experience at chelsea during her compatriot josé mourinho ’ s first stint as manager of the club between 2004 and 2007 , she was reportedly described as “ mourinho in a skirt ” .
“ what we did was to look at a set of current london taxi drivers and a set of london taxi drivers that had been retired for about four years , ” said neuroscientist dr hugo spiers , head of the spatial cognition group at university college london , who is an author of the study .
in 2000 –01 , only 14 % of household waste was recycled or composted but , by 2011-12 , the amount of composted food had risen to 43 % .
“ it ’ s a common-sense approach to children ’ s fitness , which is free and easy .
the owner of one dhaka-based factory , softex cotton , has threatened legal action against the accord after his factory was closed down due to structural problems , prompting a demand for a reported $ 100m in compensation .
everybody faces scarce resources , but they should not forget that , when they make investment decisions , they should also address issues of old age. ” the index , developed with the un fund for population and development , spans 91 countries and 89 % of the world ’ s older people .
“ our politicians need to see the strength we have as one people .
the first application of this idea in the united states was pioneered by dr. william mosenthal , a surgeon at the dartmouth-hitchcock medical center .
moss grows through shattered bricks and mirrored tiles are scattered across a bathroom .
with her wall street background and the experience of helping 100,000 businesses and services raise finance , ringelmann has fine-tuned her advice for the budding entrepreneur .
“ you also need to have a sense of humour , as some days can be tough. ” job satisfaction : lewis ﬁnds the variety of tasks exciting .
the economist has consistently ranked melbourne as the world ’ s most liveable city , although its survey has been criticized as too anglocentric .
because it is one of the smallest islands , agios efstratios has until 2017 before the rise is due to come in , so kakali hopes that the roller coaster of greek politics means it yet may be spared .
more than 18 million people are already facing serious food shortages across the sahel .
at live aid , he went out and saw that audience and just grabbed it. ” but , the next queen was still far from being formed , he said .
other anatomical and physiological bits and bobs – our hairlessness , the distribution of our subcutaneous fat and even our tendency to walk on two legs – have been linked to an aquatic phase of evolutionary development .
rather than use the raw celsius readings to assess the heat , organizers prefer to use the wet bulb globe temperature composite , which also gauges humidity and wind to identify the perceived conditions .
the virunga national park , home to rare mountain gorillas but targeted for oil exploration by a british company , could earn trouble-torn dr congo $ 400m a year from tourism , hydropower and carbon credits , said a wwf report .
to avoid the same fate , he ’ s spending money to build a patio .
a plane is a noisy environment and there is evidence that food loses some of its savour when we are exposed to loud noises .
take an empty car park , a pocketful of change and a pot plant or two , and make yourself your own private park .
cerf called for the development of “ digital vellum ” to preserve old software and hardware so that out-of-date files could be recovered no matter how old they are .
“ i don ’ t see that happening as it ’ s next year .
world temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 ° c -lrb- 2.0 and 11.5 ° f -rrb- during the 21st century -lrb- table 3 -rrb- and that : sea levels will probably rise by 18 to 59 cm -lrb- 7.08 to 23.22 in -rrb- -lsb- table 3 -rsb- .
holly springs is a town in wake county , north carolina , united states .
a choral scholar is a student either at a university or private school who receives a scholarship in exchange for singing in the school or university 's choir .
carney said it had been “ so important to get this right and have a proper process that involved the public , ” adding that , far from banknotes being purely a practical necessity , “ if done properly , they can be a piece of art in everyone ’ s pocket ” .
“ you can never really count mcdonald ’ s out .
however , he said , “ the first thing i tried to throw on a table i missed ” because “ you tend to underestimate the effects of gravity ” .
trump is not the only one beginning to wonder whether his improbable campaign can confound the pundits and go the distance , particularly after a burst of recent controversy only seemed to cement his polling lead over bewildered rivals .
proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle , often for decades .
to provide the same energy as a tonne of fuel would take 100 tonnes of batteries – and a 747 uses 150 to 200 tonnes of fuel .
reducing the frequency of showers ( and the number of cleansing products used ) has very real implications for our environment .
it is an interesting genre since it incorporates both american rock and pakistani classical music .
synopsis place : a spanish state prison , a few miles from seville time : late 1700s .
diacritical marks and non-english letters are ignored , while numerical entries such as " 1812 , war of " are alphabetised as if the number had been written out -lrb- " eighteen-twelve , war of " -rrb- .
we had our industrial revolution too long ago .
they are all happy that he ’ s now in school and away from hazardous work .
this may require several minutes ’ worth of radiation and , so , it ’ s usually done in short bursts , between breaths .
you ’ ll be able to post photos and videos from your line of vision on facebook or send them as an email .
the wiic calls still reside in pittsburgh , but on a low-powered independent station airing music videos .
i spent a long time sorting myself out. ” today , junior smart runs a team of 12 full-time workers and six volunteers , which aims to turn young criminals and gang members away from crime .
“ they come in autumn and winter , when it ’ s darkest .
his capacity for mixing brilliant changes of sound and image underpinned by a genuine intellectual curiosity is rivalled by few in pop history .
“ we shouldn ’ t be talking about people-predator conflict ; we have conflict between people about predators .
he legally changed his name to robert dylan , and signed a management contract with albert grossman .
they might not be facing immediate extinction but a decline in their numbers will affect us all .
“ i think it is worth waiting but the guy behind me who wants his double cheeseburger for a dollar might not , ” said chapman .
if the following aircraft set off immediately , the rapidly moving air would make the plane difficult to handle .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
“ it started out as the best season in 30 years and , in one week , became the worst , ” said atzamis konstantinos , a travel agent in lemnos who used to earn €15,000 a month as a captain of petroleum tankers and other large ships but came home because he missed it so much .
illegal downloading is a kind of “ moral squalor ” and theft , as much as reaching in to someone ’ s pocket and stealing their wallet is theft , says author philip pullman .
combined , the devices are referred to as a 'virtobot ' .
there are gender differences among ageing populations , with women generally outliving men .
there are imperial stouts that are like drinking biscotti dipped in espresso. ” the women are part of a brewing explosion in sweden , which is developing a passion for “ craft ” ales , bottled and on draught .
kalinowski expects mcdonald ’ s market share will continue to shrink but he , too , warned against writing off the company .
according to the times , most of the a-team can only endure about 12 months of the work because it ’ s so taxing .
for official forecasts see the nhc 's public advisory archive on hurricane karl .
the livestock farming contribution , in terms of greenhouse gas emissions , is enormous – 35 % of the planet ’ s methane , 65 % of its nitrous oxide and 9 % of the carbon dioxide .
once i saw my mum on facebook , i deleted my account. ” for families that may struggle to pay their heating bills this winter , the low price tag attached to buying and communicating on a blackberry retains its appeal .
structure and rules a match between two opponents consists of up to eleven alternating rounds of boxing and chess sessions , starting with a four-minute chess round followed by three minutes of boxing and so on .
the media , she said , is partly to blame for making the rich “ feel like they need to hide or feel ashamed ” .
the report found that the richest 1 % had increased their incomes by 60 % in the past 20 years , with the financial crisis accelerating rather than slowing the process .
instead , it became a way for companies to cram employees into tighter spaces , a visual shorthand for uniformity and soulless work .
the people are great .
despite these unfavorable conditions , a curved convective band developed in its northern and western quadrants , and the circulation became better defined .
the street view project , he said , follows in the footsteps of the english explorer martin frobisher , who in 1576 sailed into the bay where iqaluit now sits while searching for the northwest passage , and the 1941 flight of captain elliott roosevelt , a reconnaissance officer and son of the us president , which led to the site being chosen for a military airbase .
under the 1862 police regulation act pottinger was appointed an inspector of police for the western district .
one statistic is that the amount of food wasted by consumers in industrialized countries [ 222m tonnes a year ] is almost the same as the total net food production of sub-saharan africa [ 230m tonnes ] .
amish tripathi , the author of best-selling novels set 4,000 years ago in india that retell stories from hindu mythology , said characters in his books practise yoga .
hence the intense interest that surrounded the announcement of a few more details of the 24th bond film – not the least its official title , spectre .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
i must pay tribute to my family ; their love and support has been essential .
the most significant is facebook home , software that can be downloaded onto certain android phones to feed news and photos from friends – and advertising – directly to the owner ’ s locked home screen .
for the top 0.01 % the share of national income is above levels last seen in the 1920s .
in contrast , a child born in britain today has a better than one in four chance of reaching their 100th birthday .
then , another man appeared and said he was an orthopaedic surgeon who specialized in marine trauma .
one user said he sometimes swings by in the middle of the night , when nobody else is around , and finds it to be unbelievably fast .
he added : “ the view is great , too. ” kelly made the most of that view , posting spectacular photos on social media of the earth ’ s cities , landscapes , oceans and atmosphere .
in 1975 , there were fewer than 100 wolves in poland .
it might be that those elements have long enough lifetimes for their detailed chemistry to be explored .
there needs to be cultural change in our prescribing behaviours and more restraint in the use of antibiotics in farming and agriculture .
they ’ ve been left out of all of this for the last 18 years .
i make around £20 a shift but would only be given £10-15 of that money .
the job : a social engineer is paid by a company to try to trick its employees into divulging confidential information that allows the engineer to access sensitive company data or the company ’ s computer network .
the survival and mobility of poland ’ s wolves has been helped by the country ’ s belated infrastructure development .
“ as the gap has widened , the rich have become more and more isolated. ” these are real fears faced by the richest of the rich .
jameson 's autobiography , how to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale was published august 17 , 2004 .
carolus linnaeus and other scientists of his time also considered the great apes to be the closest relatives of human beings due to morphological and anatomical similarities .
a study in north america has valued the loss of pestcontrol from ongoing bat declines at more than $ 22bn in lost agricultural productivity .
every culture has gifted something to the world and this is our gift , ” tripathi said .
his late life was marked by stereo recordings with the columbia symphony orchestra .
this is a war like no other .
so , it better be good .
the stadiums may have been delivered late and – in some cases – not fully finished , but there have been no reports of structural problems or difficulties entering the grounds since the kick off .
in smithson 's will , he stated that should his nephew , henry james hungerford , die without heirs , the smithson estate would go to the government of the united states for creating an " establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men " .
“ specifically , we would have to build interconnections , which would not go through the existing one in spain , and , then , start exporting. ” spain has itself prohibited new solar projects because of a lack of interconnectors to transmit the energy to france .
de levita would , said goldsmith , be bringing his experimental scenearound concept to london – theatre that puts the audience seating on a turntable that rotates round a series of scenes built around its circumference , accompanied by projections on panel screens .
“ ten years ago they said they would build a new highway here .
the organic matter in soil derives from plants and animals .
“ not one of those massive ones ; just a normal one at £100 or so , ” she said .
looking at life through a screen and not being in the moment totally – if you ’ re doing that , you ’ re 50 % there , right ?
its report scared hankyu-hanshin and other hoteliers into admitting that they , too , had hoodwinked diners who believed they were paying high prices for premium ingredients .
physically , they may resemble mice , rats , voles , or hamsters , depending on the species and subfamily .
as a sports fan , he acknowledged that “ it ’ s where most of the news breaks out ” .
insects have long been overlooked as food in all but a handful of places around the world – but now they are crawling closer and closer to our plates .
but , by then , it was clear the evidence was overwhelming , as the scientists who carried out the dna tests , those who created the computer-imaging technology to peer onto and into the bones in extraordinary detail , the genealogists who found a distant descendant with matching dna , and the academics who scoured contemporary texts for accounts of the king ’ s death and burial outlined their findings .
about 22 % of japanese work more than 49 hours a week , compared with 16 % of us workers and 11 % in france and germany , according to data compiled by the japanese government .
he returned to the soaring rhetoric that was his trademark during the 2008 election but which he dispensed with in 2012 .
it demands a lot .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
the show is currently not on the air in the united states .
“ i ’ ve played five-set matches all my life and being out there for a set and a half and passing out with heat stroke , it ’ s not normal .
11 terrible tea don ’ t blame the cabin attendant if your tea isn ’ t great .
dusty arrived in doolin in about 2008 and hundreds of people have swum with her since , giving the impression that she ’ s totally tame .
he also had his own carriage , with fine livery , which took him to concerts at other venues .
it formed on july 19 from a trough of low pressure off the southeast u.s. coast .
“ we ’ ve seen campaigns that go to venture capitalists get rejected because the venture guys say , 'great idea but no idea if the market actually wants it ; it could be a gadget that no one cares about , ' ” said ringelmann .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
“ the most important thing is to have a regular time and place to reflect on your life and to have an empathetic listener. ” for developing personal skills such as empathy , counselling can help .
we locked eyes and i felt there was complete remorse in her .
climate change is now measured on all continents and our efforts to lower emissions must be intensified to avoid it escalating out of control .
“ what is the future for our generation ? ” said katerina fikari , who feels she is extremely lucky to work for the local government in lemnos .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .
“ it can do , because in the vacuum the recruitment and manipulation of young people becomes even more prevalent , creating new lower levels all the way down ... people take sides .
these little seconds add up .
trickiest of all , she must memorize all these details while eating her meal – unable , of course , to openly write anything down .
but , in that ﬁrst journalism job , getting the numbers wrong didn ’ t always add up to failure .
it is a bit like a family .
libra -lrb- 1988 -rrb- is a novel written by don delillo .
helmut heinrich waldemar schmidt -lrb- born 23 december 1918 -rrb- is a german social democratic politician who served as chancellor of west germany from 1974 to 1982 .
that could see those children excluded from school teams and becoming sporting underachievers , sandercock said .
it was his act of forgiveness , after spending 27 years in prison , 18 of them on robben island , that will assure his place in history .
u.s. involvement in the war comes to an end .
a special “ auditor ” declares him 96.9 % “ made in france ” and montebourg visits to present him with a medal .
my near-death experience had left me anxious about everything and overreacting in a way i had never done before .
“ nobody expects tourists to come here and cover their faces .
but top of most people ’ s concerns is where they will actually live and what process will determine the housing allocation .
about 30 inuit elders , entrepreneurs and high-school pupils turned out one night to help correct such problems .
“ it is definitely a preference that has been there for a long time , ” says pia hüttl , an affiliate fellow at the bruegel thinktank .
according to chapron and his colleagues , the big-carnivore revival shows the success of a “ land-sharing ” model of conservation – in stark contrast to keeping predators and people apart by fencing off “ wilderness ” areas , as occurs in north america and africa .
one of the biggest factors behind the rise in coal use has been the massive increase in the use of shale gas in the us .
at a time like this , we can ’ t risk partisan bickering and political posturing .
some of this farmland is now being returned to its original wetland state .
the national theatre , the royal shakespeare company and virtually every other theatre production company in the country will be marking the anniversary .
he certainly has the confidence of jobs , although , with a thick japanese accent , he sometimes struggles to make himself understood , a fact that may have contributed to telepathy one ’ s conception .
“ imagine the setup – a person is told to sit in a chair with wires attached to their skin and a button that will deliver a harmless but uncomfortable shock , and they are told to just sit there and entertain themselves with their thoughts , ” she said .
harry said he had let himself down , but also blamed the media .
with dozens of users at any given time , the signal strength of kcho ’ s wi-fi gets diluted .
“ i had a kids ’ book commissioned and i told them i would like to do one for grown-ups .
prevalence in the united states , according to business magazine , an estimated 15 million functionally illiterate adults held jobs at the beginning of the 21st century .
i think what they were talking about was short shorts and sleeveless vests , which even then would not be something that would attract too much attention … i think the basic point they were making was : be sensitive to our cultural identity and dress appropriately .
in restaurants , because a lot of customers add tips through card payments , the staff never actually see how much is getting tipped – so we don ’ t know whether we ’ re getting our fair share or not .
between two paw prints on a muddy mountain track , the scientist finds what he is looking for .
17 beware the vortex pilots often wait a long time to get clearance .
they include a home-testing kit that looks for specific igg ( immunoglobulin g ) antibodies against food stuffs in the blood .
“ i didn ’ t understand what was going on , ” said zaglumyonova .
customers were seen tearing down cardboard hoardings put in place to hold back sale items until the stroke of midnight .
“ our overall thinking is that filming at concerts adds to the experience , rather than taking away from it and i think , if kate bush came round for a cup of tea , we could have a really interesting discussion about this and we might be able to win her round , ” he added .
a nasal spray laced with the 'love hormone ' oxytocin could help children with autism learn to handle social situations better , us researchers claim .
people ’ s reactions to you can be scary , ” said barbara nusbaum , an expert in money psychology .
polling experts believe this to be unlikely , as it is hard to imagine anyone doing trump better than trump , let alone anyone doing trump without sacrificing their own support .
in homes and cafes across the country , a cup of tea , baked beans on toast and fish and chips have long played a key role in the british dining experience .
“ they want me to try to save up and i contribute in other ways – i bring food in and i do things around the house. ” gavin gets on with her parents and has her own space in a room that she moved into when she was 14 but she said she had always imagined she would have her own place by the time she was 30 .
“ we have managed to accommodate 90,000 refugees in austria but the numbers have slowed in recent months. ” london has never been in the quality-of-life top ten , says mercer , damaged by its poor scores for air pollution , traffic congestion and climate .
holidays were also a priority .
they can use those fish to feed themselves and to sell in the market so that they get money to buy other staple items .
“ we have to weigh and measure them , and they wriggle … a lot .
the next northern site has not yet been identified but , when it is selected , brindle said the company might simply send one of its hi-tech backpacks and rely on volunteers to literally put themselves on the map .
some americans have taken to keeping their wealth secret .
delinquency and crime have soared as greek society has unravelled under the weight of austerity measures that have cut the income of ordinary greeks by 40 % .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
so popular was his campaign at the end of 2012 to entice donations from the public that within 40 days he had raised a colossal £400,000 .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
this will place additional pressure on our already stressed water resources , at a time when we also need to allocate more water to satisfy global energy demand – which is expected to rise by 60 % over the coming 30 years – and to generate electricity for the 1.3 billion people currently without it , ” said the report .
she added that the magazine could not control their resale as it did not own the original images .
references external links " a remembrance of olin eggen — 1919 – 1998 " , by nicholas b. suntzeff , 6 october 1998 ; noao newsletter , no. 56 , december 1998 .
greater hagerstown is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the state of maryland and among the fastest growing in the united states .
depending on future greenhouse gas emissions , sea levels will rise an average of 40 –62 cm by 2100 .
he performed on a regular basis for white audiences in the 1900s .
their religion is predominantly roman catholic .
the prime minister will try , in the words of one cabinet minister , to “ cement in ” the no vote by outlining how he will deliver the deepening of scotland ’ s devolution settlement , including handing greater powers over tax and welfare to the scottish parliament in edinburgh .
the town of 7,000 people will go on display via google ’ s popular street view application in july 2013 .
by this account , benedict – never one to shrink from utterances and decisions that shocked – had taken it upon himself to bring his church face to face with reality : the reality that contemporary medicine can keep men alive far beyond the age at which they are up to grappling with the demands of running a vast global organization .
scientists are still trying to determine whether pollutants caused the deaths of five sperm whales that became stranded on the east coast of britain in january 2016 .
“ an experienced presenter like myself generally gets to work prime-time hours , which means all weekends , bank holidays and very late evenings , plus the occasional 5am shift. ” his worst task ever , he says , was singlehandedly having to sell some female slimming pants : “ it was a very tricky hour and not my ﬁ nest. ” job satisfaction : “ i love the rush of live presenting and having to think on my feet every second , ” says ryan .
they were mental health problems such as anxiety and depression , musculoskeletal disorders such as arthritis and lower back pain – complained of in every country in the world – anaemia , sight and hearing loss and skin disease .
if their train is delayed , for instance , they can access a city bike , take a shuttle or rent a vehicle through a car share programme using the same pass .
four years ago , the prince had to be spirited out of afghanistan during his first tour after a media embargo was broken by mistake by an australian magazine .
unusually , the publishers of winning works are honored with a certificate .
so , should workplaces have staggered starting times , too ?
“ we could see on our blackberry messages where the rioters were going next ; tv news would catch up four hours later , ” said jean- pierre moore , 28 .
pesticide residues were found on conventional crops four times more often than on organic food .
the team also announced that the heart-shaped feature visible on pluto will now be known as the tombaugh regio , in honour of clyde tombaugh , who discovered the dwarf planet in 1930 .
what everyone does accept is that shisha is a killer ; and at €2 or less a hit , it is one that has come to stalk greece , the country long on the frontline of europe ’ s financial meltdown .
this would lead to an approximately twofold decrease in the casualty rate .
vidhya alakeson , from the resolution foundation , an independent think tank , added : “ if it ’ s true that there are around one million people on zero-hours contracts , then that would be a substantial portion of the workforce – this could no longer be dismissed as an issue affecting only a tiny minority .
bisexual pornography differs from threesome pornography , which typically depicts one man and two women .
cuba has some of the lowest connectivity rates on the planet , with dial-up accounts closely restricted and at-home broadband almost unheard of except in the case of foreigners who pay hundreds of dollars a month for the service in a country where the average salary is between $ 17 and $ 20 a month .
a few are still serving their sentences but are regarded as having reformed enough to be allowed out during the day to help .
if the receiving rat failed at the task , the first rat was not rewarded with a drink , and appeared to change its behaviour to make the task easier for its partner .
the participants will include 64-year-old modi , most of his government and , they hope , a range of celebrities .
they called it ping and it didn ’ t work .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
in 2008 , she decided to quit and use her skills to try and help friends who worked in the arts to raise money .
he said the message “ we need to save the planet ” slightly missed the point : “ the planet will get better ; it ’ s us that won ’ t be here because we ’ ll destroy the environment. ” the world ’ s thin shield of atmosphere “ makes you more of an environmentalist after spending so much time looking down ” , he said .
“ in the old days , you had to print out or take an a to z map in your pocket – what we are doing now is just using computer- aided information and you are having to think really quite hard about where you are going and interact with this device , ” he said .
“ ice cream is important , ” she says between mouthfuls of a honey-flavoured offering .
the idea for the school was first touted by some of that group at the start of the summer , when they were bored with sitting around waiting and nervous about starting a new life in france totally unable to communicate .
skip a few showers , put down the soap and let those lovely little bacteria flourish a little , would you ?
“ i ’ m sure one of the reasons western australia premier , colin barnett , did it was because he was thinking it would encourage tourism .
its chef , rené redzepi , says that ants taste like lemon , and a purée of fermented grasshoppers and moth larvae tastes like a strong fish sauce .
as the us president , barack obama , warned “ we ’ ve got to get out of the habit of governing by crisis , ” the imf ’ s managing director , christine lagarde , appealed for more stability .
the 1965 album live at the regal , however , proved the durability of king ’ s blues repertoire and has become iconic , a turning point in the early listening of many younger musicians .
city living has many upsides but a sustainable lifestyle is increasingly not among them .
heaven 's gate was an american ufo cult based in san diego , california and led by marshall applewhite -lrb- 1931-1997 -rrb- and bonnie nettles -lrb- 1927-1985 -rrb- .
bollywood plots have tended to be melodramatic .
and i had to admit it was me. ” ruth steere , 76 , marvels at how allen never misses a trick , despite always having her back to the class : “ she always shouts at us if we go wrong .
“ in theory , you could imagine that a combination of brains could provide solutions that individual brains can not achieve by themselves. ” the research is published in the journal scientific reports .
i find it weird. ” in 2013 , beyoncé berated one of her fans at a gig for filming .
an area of cliffs and troughs stretching about 1,000km suggests widespread fracturing of charon ’ s surface , which could also be the result of geological activity .
track listing all tracks written by tim rice-oxley , tom chaplin , and richard hughes .
it is extremely dangerous. ” across greece , the byproducts of six straight years of recession have been brutal and cruel .
they are more likely to act out , through violence .
the weather forecast for glastonbury was positive , with the festival due to be sunny and dry , experts ruling out a repeat of 1985 , the festival ’ s windiest year ; 1997 , its muddiest ; and 2005 , known as the “ year of thunder ” .
he had another chart hit with cat people ( putting out fire ) from paul schrader ’ s movie cat people ( 1982 ) .
8 algae-powered building to prove the dynamism of the “ living wall ” concept , look no further than hamburg ’ s international building exhibition .
i felt pure terror .
the buildings in bayeux were virtually untouched during the battle of normandy , the german forces being fully involved in defending caen from the allies .
the man , dressed only in a ragged pair of underpants , told his rescuers that he had been adrift in the 7.3-metre fibreglass boat , whose engines were missing their propellers , since he left mexico for el salvador in september 2012 .
in 1887 , was reorganized into a stock company .
“ i wanted to enable people to do more .
the fort held a prominent position and was located high above sea level with strategic views to the entrance -lrb- sydney heads -rrb- of port jackson .
hurricane wilma was the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the atlantic basin .
john steele , chief executive of the youth sport trust , said the quality of a young person ’ s introduction to pe and sport at school can be “ a major factor ” in their sporting development .
barack obama led tributes from world leaders , referring to mandela by his clan name – madiba .
maybe , by then , they ’ ll have a charge point – because there isn ’ t a single one in london now. ” other car makers , including volvo , ford and mercedes , are working on driver-assisted vehicles , which , unlike google ’ s version , do not dispense with the driver controls .
experts agree that economic and demographic changes , technological advances , and environmental concerns are fundamentally altering the transportation landscape .
but the deep deposit of magnetite has proved a strong enough magnet to keep people here .
we ’ re going to pc world first thing – their sale starts at 8am . ”
the orchestra is associated with the triennial gustav mahler conducting prize .
google ’ s brand value rose by 15 % to $ 107bn to take second place , followed by coca-cola , up 3 % to $ 81.5bn , ibm ( $ 72.2bn ) and microsoft ( $ 45.5bn ) .
now , however , arianna huffington ’ s the sleep revolution , a 'call to bed ' that promises to transform your life “ one night at a time ” , is a new york times best-seller and huffington is urging people to “ sleep their way to the top ” .
since 1980 the senior pastor has been john piper .
thirty-five years later , as she performs once again , singer kate bush is faced with a different world .
around one third of all nitrogen oxide pollution comes from road transport – mostly diesel – and , in urban areas , concentrations can rise as high as 64 % , european environment agency figures indicate .
i ’ d like to nominate everyone , everywhere , who has more than they need , to donate what they can to the people who need it most … because that is what charity is about , not putting yourself through mild discomfort with a bucket of icy water. ” another criticism has been that small charities won ’ t be able to cope with the extra cash , but the mnd association rejected this .
sullivan says he has begun to see himself as a sort of relationship consultant for the boyfriends .
“ the scale of corruption alleged herein is completely unacceptable. ” on a day when fifa ’ s executive committee had hoped to present new reforms in the midst of an ongoing corruption crisis , swiss police led away the president of the south american football confederation , the paraguayan juan ángel napout , and alfredo hawit , the head of the north and central american and caribbean governing body .
when lalueza-fox looked at the genome , he found that , rather than having light skin , the man had gene variants that tend to produce much darker skin .
in spending 14 hours a day at work and giving up many of her paid holidays , erika sekiguchi is not even an extreme example .
when the faa was first enacted , defenders of the statute argued that a significant check on abuse would be the nsa ’ s inability to obtain electronic communications without the consent of the telecom and internet companies that control the data .
the panel found that 116 of 164 statements were amended “ to remove or alter comments unfavourable to south yorkshire police ” .
why do it ?
according to monbiot , momentum is building for the reintroduction of the lynx into the cairngorms in scotland .
seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
that same day , he climbed up to the summit of everest itself , reaching the top in complete darkness early on sunday .
pasargadae remained the persian capital until darius founded another in persepolis .
early indications are that the device would be priced at £280 , he says , and it is likely to weigh anywhere from 1kg to 3kg depending on the safety features needed .
europol asked luxembourg ’ s central bank to explain .
at least some of those genetic changes have a history that stretches further back .
the app also received information from their facebook accounts , which the scientists used to check the accuracy of their results .
ararat is considered the national symbol of armenia and thus is of principal importance to the coat of arms .
apple managed to persuade consumers to pay for downloads and grew a huge business , which it dominated , with an estimated 70 % market share .
at work , it can be beneficial to tell your employer how you ’ re feeling .
“ the fish farm gives these people with hiv a way of getting back into society – now they are bartering and trading with people in the market every week. ” according to liberia ’ s demographic health survey , 1.5 % of liberia ’ s 3.5 million people are hiv positive , with 60 % of those women or girls .
i ’ ve asked cool to look forward and imagine what top climbers might be doing 60 years from now .
“ how vain to suppose the scribblings of little old me will be of enduring interest to future generations .
sweet dreams , which tells the story of how the women have forged a promising post-genocide future , also includes the female drummers .
the consumption of baked beans in sauce has dropped by a fifth despite a rise in other types of convenience food , particularly italian dishes .
with some repair programmes expected to take months , factory owners say they can not shoulder the costs of paying staff while factories are closed , alongside the expense of some major works needed to ensure buildings are safe .
the international team behind the work suggests that switching to organic fruit and vegetables could give the same benefits as adding one or two portions of the recommended 'five a day ' .
“ we want to be as sustainable as we can .
it has been a remarkable few years for our royal family : a royal wedding that captured people ’ s hearts , that extraordinary and magnificent jubilee and now this royal birth – all from a family that has given this nation so much incredible service. ” congratulations came from the white house , too , from barack obama and his wife .
it is understood he gathered the players in the first-team changing room shortly after they arrived for training on wednesday morning .
shopping channel presenter the job : selling and demonstrating a wide range of products on live tv what it involves : presenting hours and hours of monotonous content , while simultaneously demonstrating the products and appearing to be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about everything that you ’ re selling .
the vital importance of clean water is becoming harder and harder to ignore , as california enters another summer of drought .
there is a need to tackle social norms , said watts .
the factory owner said that the accord agreement had “ pussyfooted ” around the issue of who paid for factory closures amid efforts to get as many brands as possible to sign up to a deal in the wake of the rana plaza disaster .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
in practice , however , the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate , and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second at a temperature of absolute zero .
that is what is so fascinating about this .
the un is involved with fighting units and the m23 rebel force is inside the park .
faced with the impossibility of following the local movements of the sun , the 100 or so muslims in inuvik , a small town that sits 125 miles north of the arctic circle , have also been following edmonton ’ s timetable .
fristrup ’ s team combined the sound levels recorded from national parks with similar data from urban settings to create a model of noise levels across the us .
i ’ d rather we earned a good basic wage ( like in australia ) and therefore didn ’ t have to rely on tips to make ends meet .
humanity ’ s first steps into the digital world could be lost to future historians , vint cerf told the american association for the advancement of science ’ s annual meeting in san jose , california , warning that we faced a “ forgotten generation or even a forgotten century ” through what he called “ bit rot ” , where old computer files become useless junk .
finished by ad 8 , possibly published posthumously .
now , chinese house hunters are following russians and kazakhs who have spent millions securing an address estate agents tell them is as world famous as the champs elysées and rodeo drive .
“ but you also need the ability to relate to every genre of products and to every viewer. ” typical salary : a trainee presenter would start on a minimum of £30,000 , while an experienced presenter can expect over £55,000 .
for better or ( often ) worse , it is a directory to find , contact and glean information for almost any ordinary person , who might suddenly find themselves at the centre of the day ’ s biggest news story .
about 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are required to make a pound of silk .
very few consumers of bi-porn identify as gay .
but doctors at university hospital birmingham have recently performed careful experiments that show that , if patients are ventilated with oxygen-rich air before attempting a breath- hold , they can manage to hold their breath for an impressive five-and-a-half minutes .
the intended target is thought to have been a government building .
in doing so , he discovered what thousands of others have : the more we fervently try to clean ourselves with soaps , body washes and those silly little body polishers , the harder our skin works to restore equilibrium , encouraging us to begin the whole bewildering process again .
a third wrote : “ i wish her welcome and success but i think it ’ ll be hard for her to make her mark as a woman in such a macho business .
it is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that had been stolen by nazis .
one major problem is maintaining radio contact with a drone and planning for what happens if that contact breaks .
the baltic sea drains into the kattegat through the oresund and the danish straits .
her parents moved from gomel , belarus after the chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 affected the region .
sometimes life just isn ’ t fair .
in tests , the mirror had a cooling power of 40 watts per square metre at ambient temperature .
“ we tend to look at landscape as everything up to the horizon , ” wise said .
so unbearable did some find it that they took up the safe but alarming opportunity to give themselves mild electric shocks in an attempt to break the tedium .
add into this the fact that streaming now counts towards the album chart in markets like the uk and us and artists , who still see the chart as a measure of success , will not want to limit their audience by restricting themselves to one service .
“ large-scale metadata surveillance programmes , like the nsa ’ s , will necessarily expose highly confidential information about ordinary citizens , ” the scientists write , adding : “ to strike an appropriate balance between national security and civil liberties , future policymaking must be informed by input from relevant sciences. ” ross anderson , professor of security engineering at cambridge university , said the study provided numbers that discussions can now be based on .
whedon , firefly companion , vol 1 , 6 whedon wanted to develop a show about the tactile nature of life , a show where existence was more physical and more difficult .
they come for a taste of the unknown , something most have never tasted – the sweet , cold , velvety embrace of ice cream .
when i ’ m not working , it pains me to have to go out and buy a pint of milk. ” she does , however , find it satisfying to return to a store she has previously mystery shopped and see standards have improved .
in the top right field is the symbol of the lords of sonneberg , which includes sheep shears .
jórlaug works ok , as do obba , sigurfljóð , úranía and – should you choose – vagna .
the show expanded from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on december 1 , 1975 .
guided by his manager , sidney seidenberg , he embarked on international concert tours that took him to japan , australia , china and russia .
after her grandfather 's death in 1850 she was trained to teach , but her refusal to acknowledge napoleon iii prevented her from serving in a state school .
however , if appropriate measures are implemented , population ageing does not inevitably lead to significantly higher health care spending , according to the report , which highlights the importance of long-term investments in education and health care for older people .
“ typically , these products are going to go through many hands before they reach the shelves of sainsbury ’ s or wherever .
in other parts of the world , people revere our actors , our writing and production talent .
bruce laing , a clinical psychologist in johannesburg , said the long-term effects of a baby swap could be “ profound ” , “ terrifying ” and “ incredibly traumatizing ” .
“ it is an extension of the body ’ s capacity to store air , ” he says .
rosser thinks not .
“ we currently have 24 hours a day of sun , ” said ahmad alkhalaf .
a separate report from the international water management institute ( iwmi ) said the best way for countries to protect millions of farmers from food insecurity in sub-saharan africa and south asia was to help them invest in small pumps and simple technology , rather than to develop expensive , large-scale irrigation projects .
dog-food taster the job : tasting dog food to make sure it meets a premium brand ’ s quality standards what it involves : opening sample tins of each freshly made batch of dog ( or cat ) food , smelling it and eating it .
he survived 28 days adrift , but his friends both died of thirst .
the 150-gallon-capacity rubbish bins are equipped with a motor that pushes down the rubbish when it nears the top .
these somewhat abstract concerns tend to determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .
the government also said that it wanted customers to know that tips are voluntary , calling for the system to be made more transparent , with restaurants clearly displaying their tips policy .
wall street expects revenues of about $ 1.44bn , up from $ 1.06bn in 2012 .
the little book was widely read , especially at paray .
a workstation is a high-end microcomputer designed for technical or scientific applications .
on august 15 , convection organized into bands , and as its winds approached hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .
geography off the north coast of the province , some -lrb- cays -rrb- of the jardines del rey archipelago are being developed as tourist resorts , principally cayo coco and cayo guillermo .
recent years have seen lacklustre growth , rising prices of basic foodstuffs and a weakening currency .
noor 1 itself has a generating capacity of 160mw .
the vezina trophy is awarded annually to the national hockey league 's goaltender who is " adjudged to be the best at this position " .
there was a woman in the water with dusty , a dolphin who has a great relationship with a group of people she regularly swims with .
with the uk species , the pattern is much the same with invertebrates as it is with vertebrates .
also on monday , the mondadori-owned italian celebrity magazine chi rushed out a special edition with 26 pages devoted to the candid photos of the future queen .
the ad ’ s strapline is : “ show someone they ’ re loved this christmas ” , which echoes age uk ’ s own campaign : “ no one should have no one at christmas ” .
biogas engineer the job : setting up biogas plants in developing countries what it involves : linking a system of digesters – which can be ﬁlled with human excrement , animal dung and other waste products – to toilets to produce a biogas that can be used for cooking and lighting .
on 30th june 2006 bbc radio 3 broadcast " night waves " to commemorate the anniversary of the battle of the somme .
kevin clelland , a primary school teacher from leeds , visited st ninian ’ s before convincing his colleagues it was a great idea .
unlike the collection of those call records , this surveillance can include the content of communications and not just the metadata .
m is the thirteenth letter of the basic modern latin alphabet .
there were objectors – and plenty of them – petitions and letter-writing campaigns and a facebook page organized against what a large number of locals saw initially as a vanity project and , above all , a waste of money .
“ these details have yet to be determined , ” admits lindstedt .
across the country , and in neighbouring eritrea , diners gather around large pieces of injera , which doubles as cutlery , scooping up stews and feeding one another as a sign of loyalty or friendship – a tradition known as gursha .
they have kept our country of four nations together and , like millions of other people , i am delighted .
we are tied to our own perspective and struggle to imagine the variety in our countries , as highlighted by our indian sample ’ s massively overestimating their population ’ s access to the internet .
but one thing he couldn ’ t do was change the elevation of the sun .
“ i personally think it ’ s best that people who don ’ t like trump and his policies do some work to try to actively undercut him , ” she says .
mammary intercourse can also be combined with fellatio .
yet as recently as 2011 , bbm was so powerful it was credited with starting a revolution in egypt ; and , at the time of the london riots , it was a more urgent source of news than the television screen .
many more had applied for a night of stargazing at the observatory but numbers are strictly limited .
towards the end of 1997 , each band member chose an individual number as their alias .
they would later return to the revived series in the 2008 christmas special " the next doctor " , introducing two new variants of the race ; the cyber-shades and the cyber-king .
in the fight against it , there were a handful of exotic-sounding drugs – vancomycin and teicoplanin among them .
the current president is tarja halonen -lrb- sdp -rrb- .
it is a commonly stolen street sign .
gasoline , coal , natural gas , diesel , and other commodities derived from fossil fuels are non-renewable .
young boys played against olympique marseille and lost 2-3 with 14,000 spectators watching .
“ the millennium generation is losing its voice , ” ofcom claims .
a georgian inscription around the drum attests his name .
the justly renowned opening scene of goldeneye – during which bond freefalls into the cockpit of a pilotless light aeroplane – did much to reinvigorate and modernize the series on its own .
this flag was the same , except the golden stripe had a human stick figure , a kanaga , in black , with arms raised to the sky .
you can significantly offset the electricity used for air conditioning , ” said shanhui fan , an expert in photonics at stanford university , who led the development of the mirror .
“ people say 'oh , poor you . '
the government says the gap is closing thanks to quota systems for university places and other forms of affirmative action .
normally , the mnd association gets around 300,000 hits a year on its website .
“ this is a literary , not commercial , approach .
there ’ s less water for agriculture and less water for all the new lodges that are getting built. ” in the sherpa town of namche bazaar , he says , a new five-mile pipeline is being laid to bring water to service the growing tourist demand for showers and flush toilets .
metal grilles block the windows of another , which has been sold for £20m .
“ after giving the date for the canonization , the twelfth of may , the pope took a sheet of paper and read from it .
and he restored others ’ faith in africa and africans. ” mandela continued to make occasional appearances at anc events and attended the inauguration of the current president , jacob zuma .
to succeed as a social engineer , you need … the confidence to lie convincingly and the ability to fit in almost anywhere without looking too out of place .
walk through ipanema , gávea or other upmarket districts and you are far more likely to see black nannies pushing strollers with white toddlers than a white nanny pushing a black child .
but the invention could soon be defunct .
whisenhunt 's career as a player included 4 years -lrb- 1985-88 -rrb- as a tight end with the atlanta falcons , who drafted him in the twelfth round , and then spells with the washington redskins and new york jets .
greater manchester police said at least two people had been arrested at black friday sales events already that morning .
a brain atlas for narrative structure has so far proved elusive , however .
well , try to ensure that your would-be olympian or world cup winner is born in november or , failing that , in october .
so why do it ?
it is most commonly found growing on bread and soft fruits such as bananas and grapes .
the blade probably penetrated several centimetres into his brain and , said the human bones expert jo appleby , he would have been unconscious at once and dead almost as soon .
artifacts at the museum include military aircraft : a sopwith triplane from the first world war and an avro lancaster from the second world war .
22 kalliope -lrb- , -rrb- is a large main belt asteroid of the m-type , discovered by j. r. hind on november 16 , 1852 .
“ they support an arbitrary and over-broad provision and apply international drug laws in a vacuum .
it is a desolate scene repeated up and down the supposedly prestigious avenue that lloyds bank has calculated is the second most expensive street in britain .
so it ’ s been a real surprise to see the category bloom. ” she is currently working on a third book and michael o ’ mara , which already has 17 adult colouring books in circulation , will increase this to 22 by may , with forthcoming titles including the classic comic colouring book and the typography colouring book .
so that ’ s a lot of stories , that ’ s a lot of individuals and that ’ s a lot of love for their home city of prague. ” people were following the pair on twitter and instagram , axani said , and they were even recognized in the street in hong kong .
“ trying the food is also a good way to pick up on the nuances of the cooking ; this works especially well on the dry food. ” typical salary : £20,000 for an entry-level job in the quality department .
dijon is the historical capital of the province of burgundy .
government restrictions , instituted in 2006 , forbid the export of raw teff grain , only allowing shipments of injera and other processed products .
names matter in iceland , a country of barely 320,000 people , whose phone book lists subscribers by their first name for the very sensible reason that the vast majority of icelandic surnames simply record the fact that you are your father ’ s ( or mother ’ s ) son or daughter .
spurgeon -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , p . 565 " it is called a " book " , as it is usually represented with pages , although it can be shown on a single page or banner .
we may as well get used to it , said david kirkpatrick , author of the facebook effect .
“ it shows the power of star wars that , although they were disappointing , the prequels still managed to make a lot of money , ” said rosser .
the giant hispaniolan galliwasp -lrb- celestus warreni -rrb- is a species of lizard in the anguidae family .
smith said that , instead of buying bottled water , festival-goers should take advantage of the water on tap , which is being drawn from huge underground reservoirs , instead of old-fashioned water tanks that provided heavily chlorinated drinking water .
she is the daughter of well-known hong kong singer teresa carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .
a senior administration official said in a statement : “ the guardian and washington post articles refer to collection of communications pursuant to section 702 of the foreign intelligence surveillance act ( fisa ) .
for decades it has been a world apart from the concrete-lined beaches of torremolinos and marbella along the coast , yet on 29 may the local council in tarifa approved plans to build a tourist complex right next to the beach , with 1,400 hotel rooms and 350 flats .
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
unusually for someone who likes to chat , kenton cool can barely speak .
early estimates suggested more than 100,000 square metres of glass had been broken and 3,000 buildings hit .
in the meantime , lobbying efforts are underway to permit the use of e-bikes everywhere .
brantridge park , balcombe , west sussex , england is one of the lesser royal residences .
“ for example , we found that a boy born in november can run at least 10 % faster , jump 12 % higher and is 15 % more powerful than a child of the same age born in april .
if organs can be taken unless someone has explicitly registered an objection , that ’ s not an expression of love .
but they will take you where you want to go at the push of a button .
“ there ’ s no sunrise or sunset. ” the adherence to edmonton ’ s schedule was already in place in 2001 when he moved from toronto to the small northern community of 3,500 people .
the vast majority of business and government executives are white , while most menial jobs are done by black and mixed-race workers .
“ i heard about it but i thought it was strange .
two tubes of amphetamines and a further empty tube were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey .
the film , which has been screened in more than a dozen countries , including the us , uk and several african states , premieres in rwanda in 2014 .
he has promised to settle down and enjoy his post-jump years with his girlfriend , nicole oetl , flying helicopters on rescue missions in the us and austria .
the government is bracing itself for thousands of legal claims from people who were imprisoned and allegedly mistreated during the final days of the british empire after the high court in london ruled that three elderly kenyans detained and tortured during the mau mau rebellion have the right to sue for damages .
“ apple makes a lot of money because it has a very strong brand , ” he said .
they included the notorious former brazilian federation chief ricardo teixeira and his successor , marco polo del nero , who has recently stepped down from the fifa executive committee .
the device has two main parts .
in part , the message said : “ we see the signs of overexploitation .
members of the richest 1 % are estimated to use as much as 10,000 times more carbon than the average us citizen .
history and mandate the drug enforcement administration was established on 1 july 1973 , by reorganization plan no. 2 of 1973 , signed by president richard nixon on 28 march 1973 .
harry potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by british author j. k. rowling .
even worse , victims were piled too high in my stories – almost 83 dead in a ﬁ re at 6pm turned out to be as few as 38 by 7pm ; 12 people injured in a coach crash soon became two and so it went on .
this article covers the details of the preparations for hurricane katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of louisiana , mississippi , and alabama .
the greatest criticism , however , will be over the suggestions of potential health benefits .
of the food that is not eaten , less is ending up in landfill .
when you breathe in , you ’ re contracting the muscle of your diaphragm , pulling it flat so that the volume of your chest increases – and air is drawn into your lungs .
bill gates and warren buffett are among a group of 40 us billionaires who have pledged much of their wealth to aid projects , but there is little detail about the level of their annual donations .
wise acknowledges that northumberland needs to do more to capitalize on its scarce resource and believes the region needs a couple more observatories to ensure that visitors will see what they came for .
palestinian prime minister abbas resigns -lrb- cnn -rrb- before being named prime minister , abbas led the plo 's negotiations affairs department .
coles supermarkets is an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers -lrb- formerly coles group before its acquisition on 23 november 2007 -rrb- .
when he first launched his company , he attached tags that said betterboyfriend.me to flower bouquets and set off for dolores park , a popular lounging spot in the tech- and youth-heavy mission district .
his work was transformative and endures today .
from 1948-52 , a series of guest conductors led the orchestra , including leonard bernstein and leopold stokowski .
mine were reportedly among several injuries that summer .
in a film business where branding is all and a successful franchise the answer to everybody ’ s prayers , is there a risk that movie studios will simply become branding machines and lose their interest in cinema for its own sake ?
david william donald cameron -lrb- born 9 october 1966 -rrb- is the leader of the conservative party and leader of her majesty 's loyal opposition in the united kingdom .
lecture by archbishop jean-louis tauran , 22 april 2002 the holy see , not the vatican city , maintains diplomatic relations with states and participates in international organizations .
radiation levels at the impact sites were normal , according to local military officials .
scarborough railway station serves the seaside town of scarborough in north yorkshire , england .
his character and early life he was considered a modest , prayerful person , he was thought of as honest and pure by his classmates .
in 2014 , bowie was given the brit award for best british male , making him the oldest british recipient in the awards ’ history .
to discover the elements , researchers at the three labs slammed lighter nuclei into one another and looked for signature radioactive decays that should come from the new elements .
the sixth , seventh , and eighth digits indicate the municipality or the number of the unincorporated area .
she writes : “ by default , copyright closes the door on countless ways that people can share , build upon and remix each other ’ s work , possibilities that were unimaginable when those laws were established. ” she says artists need to think creatively about how they distribute and monetize their work , quoting the science fiction writer cory doctorow , who said : “ my problem is not piracy , it ’ s obscurity. ” index on censorship agrees .
in the meantime , cuba has installed a high-speed , fibre-optic cable under the sea from venezuela and internet users have some access to chinese equipment .
“ my opinion and that of catering workers is that we agree with the complex as long as it creates jobs in the town , which is what is needed , but we are against it being for the benefit of a few , ” said cristóbal lobato , who has worked at the same beachside bar in tarifa for 30 years .
it fared much better than the rocker , opening at # 2 .
working with the sports psychologist is really important for mental toughness. ” jones believes the whole approach can only help .
stephanie marie mcmahon-levesque -lrb- born september 24 , 1976 -rrb- better known by her maiden name stephanie mcmahon , is world wrestling entertainment 's executive vice president , creative development & operations .
157 – 69 and are regarded by some as the cultural ancestors of the western turks – the present-day inhabitants of azerbaijan , turkey , and turkmenistan .
c.l. barber , “ shakespearian comedy in the comedy of errors , ” college english 25.7 -lrb- 1964 -rrb- , p . 493 .
“ fish farming is absolutely viable in africa , ” said paul white , owner of the hydrofish fish farm in ivory coast , which produces 3,000 tonnes of fish each year .
at home , the emerging doctrine of thatcherism meant denationalization of state-owned industry – the new word “ privatization ” came into widespread use in many countries – and defeat of militant trade unionists , notably the national union of miners , whose year-long strike ( 1984 – 85 ) was bitter and traumatic .
“ we also continue to encourage the us to approve a budget for 2014 and replace the sequester with gradually phased-in measures that would not harm the recovery , and to adopt a balanced and comprehensive medium-term fiscal plan. ” a senate-drafted peace deal that contained almost no concessions to the conservatives who had driven the country to the precipice of a new financial crisis was passed by the republican-dominated house of representatives just hours before a deadline to extend the us debt limit was to pass .
nevertheless , the talk on the avenue is about building £5m apartments , instead of £50m mansions , in an effort to draw people back .
in his appearance before the committee , starbucks ’ chief financial officer , troy alstead , will attempt to repair the company ’ s reputation , which continues to suffer because of the controversy .
and , for some , moving out may never be an option. ” michael day , 30 , who lives with his parents in bristol , says he has been caught between paying high rents and saving for a mortgage deposit .
additionally , our skin , much like our gut , plays host to millions of beneficial bacteria .
this is the first time we ’ ve seen this .
the former president of germany ’ s constitutional court , hans-jürgen papier , told germany ’ s frankfurter allgemeine zeitung that restrictions on cash were at odds with individual freedom , while tabloid newspaper bild has launched a petition in defence of paper money , including the €500 note – “ hands off my cash ” .
the company ’ s “ vertical gardens ” can be seen gracing the taj hotel in central london and the exit wall of edgware road tube station , among other locations .
from 2007 , when just 13 rhinos were killed by poachers in south africa , the killings have grown horrifically .
a call from the target individual ’ s phone to another number was one hop .
most in iqaluit adhere to the timetable followed by muslims in ottawa , some 1,300 miles south of the city – following the advice of muslim scholars who have said muslims in the far north should observe ramadan using the timetable of mecca or the nearest muslim city .
most of those working there are , like smart himself , ex-offenders .
through a quirk of rights ownership , adaptations of casino royale ( in 1967 ) and thunderball ( as never say never again , in 1983 ) were released in competition with eon productions .
after receiving suspended sentences several times for anti-government activities , yun retired from politics in 1980 and focused primarily on cultural activities until his death from diabetic conditions and high blood pressure in 1990 .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .
school and university reunions have become redundant – you already know whose career is going well , whether the perfect pair have split and you ’ ve seen endless pictures of your schoolmates ’ babies .
the federal aviation authority ( faa ) will finally have regulations governing the commercial use of unmanned aircraft by june 2016 .
it needs more follow-up , ” he said .
he manages a youth club in stockwell , south london , an area with some of the highest levels of crime and economic deprivation in britain .
“ but , work doesn ’ t start again until may or the beginning of june . ”
the youngest members are called “ tinies ” .
while the applicants wait for an answer , though , france does not provide them with any financial support or allow them to work – and the slow process can take many months .
“ facebook has proven its ability to change and it will continue to be a very , very major player . ”
the theory is that tablet computers – among the most popular christmas presents in 2012 and 2013 – have brought many older people online for longer .
other services expose bbm ’ s limitations : unlike skype and viber , it does not yet offer video or voice calls ; unlike path , it does not do location sharing ; there is no video sharing , as on imessage ; and the stickers ( a more sophisticated version of the smiley face ) , adored by kids the world over , are also unforgivably absent .
the researchers also modified the hippocampus cells so that the channelrhodopsin protein would be produced in whichever brain cells the mouse was using to encode its memory engrams .
“ the un predicts that we must increase food production by 70 % by mid-century .
“ guinness tastes like water to me now .
on the other hand , the early bonds were incredibly commercial films , sexy and exciting , and there was very little around like them. ” it ’ s a point worth underlining that , although skyfall ’ s actual receipts dwarf all the other bond films , the performance of some of the 1960s entries in the series was almost as brilliant by comparison .
in 1838 thomas icely requested that a village be established to service his large pastoral estate .
“ the crisis has created a widespread sense of pessimism , ” said poulopoulos .
“ we fund world-class research into the causes and , ultimately , to find a treatment or cure .
in a policy that has outraged some employees , pizzaexpress keeps , as an admin fee , 8p out of every £1 paid when tips are given by card .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
it is the fastest growing census division in canada , expected to surpass 1.5 million residents by 2031 .
by the 1990s , the end of the cold war and normalisation of relations between some countries improved the prospects for creating a rail network across the asian continent .
this is the noble head of an old warrior , his armour battered , his appetite for struggle fading .
accreditation is therefore now the central challenge that moocs must grapple with to gain credibility with academics and employers , says brabon , who is on a quality assurance agency working group , aiming to develop an agreed approach to standards and marking .
chianti superiore chianti superiore is an italian docg wine produced in the provinces of arezzo , florence , pisa , pistoia , prato and siena , in tuscany .
this will be partly because we will be thinking of how many people practise their religion , rather than what they put on census forms .
the reasons they gave for wanting to go were varied , he said .
ever since it introduced $ 2 items on its dollar menu , it has gained a reputation for being more expensive than its rivals , while many consumers complain that service is slower .
