but , that ’ s not the only advantage – reducing the number of showers we have ( and the number of cleansing products we use ) can help the environment .
brazil did a census in 2010 .
this elizabeth gallagher , who calls herself quinn , replied to an online posting from axani and he chose her .
a rush hour or peak hour is a part of the day during which traffic on roads and crowding on public transport is most .
“ people are going to film and they want those memories – you ’ ve got to accept it . ”
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as did mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and sales also are bigger than those of mcdonald 's canadian restaurants as of 2002 .
“ if people are fascinated by learning , then why not ?
“ if you are part of the 1 % , you still have problems .
he says that himalayan lakes , spacewalks and the us presidential campaign helped him to stay sane during his mission .
most business and government executives are white , but black and mixed-race workers do most of the boring or dirty jobs .
the increase will put more pressure on agricultural land , water , forests , fisheries and resources , and also food and energy supplies .
facebook has lost millions of users every month in its biggest markets .
but the ﬁgures also show the huge increase in use since may 2011 , ” said james dunworth , of ecigarettedirect.co.uk .
they collected details on calls made to and from places such as hospitals , pharmacies , religious groups , legal services and gun shops .
at first it was a part of the earldom of bentheim , before it became independent in 1454 .
the first two groups were chimpanzees , and the third were orangutans from sumatra or borneo .
the gentoo penguin -lrb- pygoscelis papua -rrb- is a species of penguin easily recognized by the white stripe , similar to a bonnet , across it 's head .
the device can take in enough air for two minutes of diving and takes approximately the same amount of time to refill .
ethiopia ’ s growing middle class want more teff .
the scientists believe that the mirror could reduce by a lot the amount of energy we use to control air temperatures in offices and shopping centres .
disney knows a lot about marketing : dergarabedian says the decision to make all six existing star wars films available on streaming services is “ a brilliant way to make people excited about the new film ” .
now , high on the mountain opposite eyde ’ s statue , 450 metres above the town , three large , solar-powered , computer-controlled mirrors follow the movement of the sun across the sky .
but feinstein agrees with the nsa ’ s collection of americans ’ phone records .
his warning highlights an irony about modern technology : we digitize music , photos , letters and other documents so that they survive for centuries but the programs and hardware people will need to read those files don ’ t survive .
the other group , who trained for five hours every week , also improved their vo 2 max , but only by 10 % .
in the final test , the scientists connected rats on different continents and used the internet to send their brain activity .
the problem is already here .
the movie and other additions to the franchise .
but , authorities suspected he was not paying taxes on the clothes , furniture and other goods he was bringing in from china .
in iqaluit that was not possible , so google ’ s map makers walked the town ’ s snowy roads and trails .
the name was said as thrym in iau circular 8177 .
going out with friends was a problem – no american films , no belgian beer , no sushi or pizza .
south somerset is a district in the county of somerset .
however , the aes block cipher algorithm now has more attention .
he was one of the most important composer of madrigals in the 16th century .
the roof is plastic and the desks just old chairs , but the students inside the chemin des dunes school are studying hard .
they hold a televised episode of raw on an open field for any troop member to attend for free .
staff at the aquarium believe that , in the middle of the night , when there was no-one in the building , inky climbed down the side of the tank and travelled across the floor .
a senior administration official said : “ section 702 of the fisa does not allow the targeting of any us citizen or of any person who is within the united states .
his foreign-made clothes , including his underwear , were replaced with more expensive alternatives : french-produced underpants ( €26 ) , socks ( €9 ) , polo shirt ( €75 ) , espadrille sandals ( €26 ) , but no jeans because none are produced in france .
but , he is not worried about the critics this time .
the globo newspaper listed a number of problems in the 12 host cities .
bill gates and warren buffett are among a group of 40 us billionaires who have said they will give much of their money to aid projects , but there is little information about how much money they give each year .
the females are much bigger than the males .
they were built by nations during world war ii to help protect the important industries from getting bombed .
“ our guardian angel will take care of you , ” said mission control , and baumgartner jumped .
she said : “ the us experience suggests that a more efficient gas market can reduce coal use , carbon dioxide emissions and electricity bills .
“ he did a lot for the young and later travelled with his wife and two daughters .
recent research showed half of tenants were unable to save any money for a deposit and a quarter could only save £100 or less each month .
in some sports , it is very important to be able to hold your breath , particularly in freediving .
the shape of the wing pushes air down .
the new law will make clearer people ’ s wishes about organ donation and so it will increase the number of donations. ” the issue is controversial , but the government says they will protect the dead person ’ s and the family ’ s wishes .
we have special events , not just a walk around a dusty house . ”
this might be a disaster for the climate .
they were looking at this lovely sight .
they provide many uses , such as planting in parks and gardens , timber , firewood and pulpwood .
well , dr izumi tabata ’ s training programme – 20 seconds of intensive effort , ten seconds of rest , repeat eight times – promises that it is possible to be fit with just 88 minutes of training a week .
“ i don ’ t really want to move out to rent because it ’ s more than a mortgage but you need such a big deposit to get a mortgage. ” sue green , who works for saga , a business that sells insurance to people over 50 , said most parents did not think their children would live with them in their 20s or 30s .
tea , baked beans on toast and fish and chips have always been popular in britain .
baumgartner has done lots of dangerous things before .
we waste food like this , when , at the same time , 795 million people suffer from hunger .
while he was there he appeared in several plays , including henry v , in which he played the most important character .
not many exercise classes have a tea break in the middle .
human waste is now taken away in plastic barrels but then , according to byers , these barrels are emptied into a huge pit down the valley – it could contaminate the region ’ s streams and rivers .
the report said that wright met with police in a sheffield restaurant to prepare “ a defence ” and “ a story ” .
the main cave is cathedral cave with the massive altar rock .
more than 250 conservationists and wildlife experts worked on the survey , which cost about £250,000 .
it is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la régie abidjan-niger .
the program allows a large amount of in-depth surveillance on live communications and stored information .
the iea says that china and india will drive world coal use in the next five years , and india will probably overtake the us as the world ’ s second biggest consumer .
the boosh soon produced three stage shows - the mighty boosh -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , arctic boosh -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and autoboosh -lrb- 2000 -rrb- - all of them were at the edinburgh fringe .
horgen is a district of the swiss canton of zürich .
this is a list of german chancellors since 1871 by age .
and much of what is in our minds is what sandberg calls a “ draft ” of what we might do .
developing virunga for oil will not make anything better. ” many people live in the park – over 350 people per square kilometre .
and the pause is almost certainly temporary .
you never see a picture of a mesolithic hunter-gatherer with dark skin and blue eyes , ” lalueza-fox said .
it is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of association sportive sonabel .
on the dry grass not far from the india gate monument at the centre of delhi , they stretch , breathe and meditate .
in a speech at the british science festival , dr paul kelley from oxford university said schools should stagger their starting times to work with the natural rhythms of their students .
“ we are here because we hate the government .
for people aged between 24 and about 30 or 35 , they lose about an hour and a half .
he then became chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .
in 1939 , singer marian anderson was not allowed to sing in the constitution hall in washington , because of her race .
further back in the queue , christine ball , 62 , wasn ’ t impressed .
it is lucky that his girlfriend , anaïs , and cat , loon , are both french , so he didn ’ t have to give them up .
the town is in the limmat river valley between baden and zürich .
“ i couldn ’ t meet anyone who wanted to start a family ” .
this is a huge physical advantage , ” said sandercock .
he spent two months in prison ; then , they let him out on €50,000 bail .
the name " gulf of california " is on most maps in english today .
in 1998 , she did back-up vocals for the refugee camp 's " it 's too late " , a carroll king cover .
if a name is not on a recognized list of 1,853 female and 1,712 male names , the parents must get approval from the icelandic naming committee .
food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in cooking at home .
many british workers think that a two-week summer holiday is their right but workers in japan think that a four-night vacation in hawaii is a big self-indulgence .
it is difficult to tell the difference between them .
it is about a woman who is scarlett johansson ’ s double. ” the author ’ s legal situation would be easier if he had published the book in the usa and not in france .
people complained that police used rubber bullets , tear gas and violent beatings .
“ fans filming is now part of the concert experience – that is a just a fact .
in later years weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities because of his heavy drinking and bad behaviour .
he bought two and was already trying to sell one of them to someone further down the queue .
in movies , the polygraph is always correct but , in 1998 , the us supreme court decided that there was no agreement that the polygraph was reliable .
actor matt damon solved the problem by using water from his toilet .
one reason for the drop in prison numbers might be the amount of post-prison support available in sweden .
the large and strong hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , and a storm surge about 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
perhaps more surprisingly , the state-owned telecommunications company , etecsa , is allowing the service .
it is home to over 3,000 different kinds of animals .
but people are right when they complain that the queues are longer .
the us is different from other countries when it comes to electric bikes .
ten frightening minutes later , the austrian landed back on earth .
most important , said chapron , is the eu habitats directive , which has forced member states to protect and revive rare species .
killzone 2 is a is a first-person shooter for the playstation 3 , made by guerrilla games and published by sony computer entertainment .
the bridge is governed by the thousand island bridge authority , an agency that works around the world .
salem is a city in essex country , in massachusetts .
carlsberg and other big brewers have spent millions trying to sell beer to women .
mccool defeated natalya neidhart at the great american bash to become the first ever diva 's champion .
about 30 inuit elders , business people and high-school pupils helped google to correct this problem .
this is twice the level the world ’ s governments consider to be dangerous .
my day job is in a café where the staff work both in the café and in the kitchen so all our tips go in a pot and we all get the same .
small pieces of colored shell and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate larger items such as boxes and furniture .
but , us researchers have found noise also disturbs smaller sea creatures such as killer whales , also known as orcas .
he learnt the guitar from a family friend and learnt to sing with a quartet of gospel singers .
these days , we have electronic payment systems and contactless cards so people are asking why it is still necessary to have these banknotes .
and it costs only €2 or less .
as a doctor , she was one of the first to be against smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
ryan prosser born 10 july , 1988 in england is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the medal was first given to j. j. thomson in 1902 " for his numerous contributions to electric science , especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases " , and has been awarded 105 more times .
on the market square in rjukan stands a statue of the person who created the town , a norwegian engineer and businessman called sam eyde .
proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle , often for many years .
swot analysis is a tool to find out the strengths , weaknesses , opportunities , and threats that are to be expected in a project or in a business venture or in something similar .
“ the place is lovely .
it can be related to the amount of " circulation " or " rotation " -lrb- or more strictly , the local angular rate of rotation -rrb- in a fluid .
“ today , because of that travel advice , people ’ s insurance isn ’ t valid when they visit here. ” 1995 was the last time foreign tourists were murdered in kashmir , when an islamist group kidnapped six westerners and killed five of them .
in the meantime , cuba has installed a high-speed fibre-optic cable under the sea from venezuela and internet users have some access to chinese equipment .
“ for the first time we have compared data from all over the world on partner violence and sexual violence by non-partners and the effect of these sorts of violence on health , ” said garcia-moreno .
in faust ’ s study , the poodle changes into the devil -lrb- mephistopheles -rrb- .
“ i , personally , don ’ t think it ’ s fair and i know a lot of players don ’ t think it ’ s fair. ” other players agreed .
there has been a lot of progress in china but there will probably not be similar progress in other parts of the world .
lots of people take photographs .
she said the families had to fight for 23 years for the truth .
one night , a mexican colleague told me that a gunman was holding the american consul hostage in his ofﬁce in the port city of veracruz .
franklin delano roosevelt -lrb- january 30 , 1882 - april 12 , 1945 -rrb- was a governor of new york and the 32nd president of the united states .
also , we have put antibiotics into the food chain , when we grow food and when we put anti-bacterial drugs into food for farm animals .
angelo sodano , the dean of the college of cardinals , who probably already knew about the pope ’ s decision , gave a short speech .
couples don ’ t have time to start families .
the dna brought some surprises .
but the island still uses only cash so the closure of the greek banks has had a serious effect .
holger von neuhoff , a curator at the museum , said this bottled message was the oldest he had ever seen .
working with alex has been the greatest experience of my working life and it is a great honour to be able to call him a friend. ” first-team coach rené meulensteen told everyone how ferguson told his staff the news .
“ climate sceptics like to criticize climate models because they are sometimes wrong , and we know that they are not perfect , ” said sherwood .
lamborghini ’ s chief executive , stephan winkelmann , said , in 2013 , that the traffic and roads in india “ are not so suitable ” for the $ 450,000 sports cars .
“ we did it the usual way , lifting the arms , legs and skull first , and then we lifted the torso – so it was only when we finally saw the twisted spine that i thought : 'my word , i think we ’ ve found him .
british isles county councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region , with smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities .
the containers have showers and kitchens and have been used as student accommodation .
george frideric handel was kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .
rachel swift , head of marketing at john lewis , said that people talk about charities at christmas and the ad makes you think about someone who lives on your street that might not see anybody .
china is already building huge maggot farms .
at the end of this event , benoit celebrated in the ring with the wwe champion eddie guerrero .
the problem is even worse because people listen to music through their earphones instead of listening to the birds and other sounds of nature .
like most brooms , it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered with golden-yellow flowers .
he said this was a result of lego ’ s ability to develop , launch and distribute lego products , which children all over the world put at the top of their wishlists .
tresca said that , before she had disappeared , poyntz had talked to him about her disgust over joseph stalin 's great terror .
although it was a very good job she was paid less than the male teachers .
but , to reduce queues , he also wants to introduce simpler menus .
some of the asylum seekers suggested the idea for the school at the start of the summer .
it only takes one bad thing to happen .
he is also music director of the mozart orchestra of bologna , italy .
“ the government is trying to help .
oliver cromwell attacked drogheda in 1649 killing the royalist garrison -lrb- siege of drogheda -rrb- .
“ it seemed like i lived there forever , ” kelly said .
they use laptops and tablets or are glued to their smartphones .
kievan rus ' eventually broke up and the lands were divided into many small feudal states .
a new study shows that there are more and more brown bears , wolves and lynx in the forests and suburban areas of europe .
“ the level of corruption is completely unacceptable , ” said the us attorney general , loretta lynch .
“ and , one day , i opened the door of my apartment and i suddenly realized that everything is code .
closer ’ s publisher , mondadori magazines france , was also told to pay €2,000 in legal costs .
it should be computationally infeasible to generate a valid signature for a person who does not own the private key .
helen browning , who supports organic farming , said that the research showed that how we farm affects the quality of the food we eat .
when lalueza-fox looked at it , he found that the man had genes for dark skin .
“ many , many hundreds of people died on that field that day .
in 1786 , he went to margate and there his love of painting and drawing the north-east kent coast began .
teff ’ s tiny seeds – the size of poppy seeds – are high in calcium , iron and protein , and also amino acids .
these plastics are good quality and not too expensive .
he has designed some glasses that are a bit more stylish and a bit more japanese .
he won 2000 pesetas for his victory .
like a spotlight. ” heidi fieldheim says she heard all about it on the radio .
there were about 20 tourists and locals on the pier .
“ i don ’ t believe she is whiter ; it ’ s more the makeup , hairstylists and the way she dresses , ” he said .
these are the questions in a debate about the internet .
the town of carluke is situated in the centre of the scottish countryside in south lanarkshire , scotland , 5.4 miles north-west of lanark and 5 miles south-east of wishaw .
he described the beautiful waters around the bahamas and the rainbow colours of the lakes of the northern himalayas .
eventually he was arrested for serious drug crimes and was sent to prison for 12 years .
so , the first two-thirds are polished and the final third i didn ’ t have time .
another 11 performances were given after that .
but moving people and equipment around the vast arctic territory is very expensive .
almost 1,200 people were injured .
the exchange rate between two countries can be compared by dividing the price of a big mac in one country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- by the price of a big mac in another country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- .
“ there is unnecessary action for people who don ’ t really have allergies and not enough action for people who have allergies. ” lots of people tell the waiter or waitress in a restaurant that they have an allergy .
you might get an answer from lee swabey ’ s face .
acea ’ s draft regulation covered fewer pollutants and they wanted to introduce the regulation only in 2020 .
think about using talk pages to explain , and give others the chance to do the same .
we see a bow because the earth is in the way , but , from a plane , a rainbow is a complete circle .
he did two practice free-falls to prepare for this jump – one from 71,000 feet and a second from 97,000 feet .
at the time , it helped fill a big gap in his life .
she now has an album and a huge hit single , show das poderosas , which was number one in the charts and attracted 52 million youtube views .
as a change from the usual music he sings , he sang " you ' ll never walk alone " from the broadway musical carousel at the berlin live 8 concert in 2005 .
in iceland , you can be called aagot , arney or ásfríður ; baldey , bebba or brá .
in 1975 these two districts were joined to form today 's district .
then , it dropped to 19 % at the end of the year .
the higgs boson is the only particle not yet seen that is predicted by the standard model .
each of the communes has its own council that is led by a mayor .
gallaudet asked clerc to go back to america with him .
“ prices have gone up but they haven ’ t gone up as quickly as the rest of the fast-food chains in the us. ” prices at mcdonald ’ s have increased by 4.8 % since 2009 , much less than the fast-food average ( up 19.4 % ) .
he was the son of martin luther king sr. who was also a civil rights leader .
it had many types of music , from pop-punk , surf rock , and ska , to an acoustic ballade .
it can make a big difference .
he went on to write the animator 's book the illusion of life with frank thomas .
rollercoaster tycoon -lrb- or rct -rrb- is a series of computer games where the user can make their own theme park .
if you have a vehicle that can go into a neighbourhood , it can deliver from that vehicle .
pub group j d wetherspoon has 24,000 of its staff – 80 % of its workforce – on zero-hours contracts .
it doesn ’ t mean we see them the same way .
our ocean is very big but not limitless. ” the pacific islanders ’ message to the delegates of the congress was urgent .
the red cross recorded hundreds of torture cases in cyprus .
their most successful album to date is all killer no filler , the album had the single " fat lip " , which did very well , making it the band 's most successful single .
the world health organization says that each year more than 150,000 people die from tuberculosis because of antibiotic resistance .
selling and eating ice cream is not part of the rwandan culture .
“ to have wolves , we don ’ t need to remove people from the landscape , ” said chapron .
44-47 the plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the main way of public transportation .
so he had a drug addiction , but that problem was never solved. ” smart started working as a prison “ listener ” – a prisoner who helps new arrivals during their first days inside .
it indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .
he says , “ trump says what they ’ re thinking and , the more outrageous he is , the more they agree with him .
r.m. urquhart , scottish civic heraldry , london , 1979 when the district council ended in 1996 , the right to the arms went back to the queen .
history the mail on sunday was first launched on 2 may 1982 , to go with the daily mail .
“ we love you felix , ” shouted his team in the control room .
he was made companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .
it is one of the shortest books in both the jewish and christian holy books , consisting of only four chapters .
monica samille lewinsky -lrb- born july 23 , 1973 -rrb- is an american woman who , in 1997 , became famous for being part of a scandal between her and former president of the united states of america , bill clinton .
peter richardson then made a deal for six half-hour shows on channel 4 , using the group as comedy actors instead of stand-up performers .
americans think that 33 % of their population are immigrants but it is really only 14 % .
during the battle , most of the japanese officers were killed and the japanese had to drop 300 officers by parachute into the battlefield .
“ it wasn ’ t easy and it wasn ’ t immediate .
in 2006 , the irish designer completed a scuba-diving course and loved the feeling of being able to breathe underwater and watch fish in their natural environment .
a security guard outside one mansion said that the owners were not there .
wall street expects facebook ’ s income this quarter to be $ 1.44 billion , an increase from $ 1.06 billion a year ago .
thirty thousand members of the public suggested the people on the list .
the congress of vienna made it a grand duchy and member of the german confederation .
testing hair is also pointless , the guide says .
it is where africa and europe meet , where the mediterranean sea meets the atlantic .
“ we ask people if they are ok with someone who already has children and if they want another baby , ” limal said .
if they didn ’ t enjoy it , you couldn ’ t continue with it .
a new report says that almost one billion people will remain in extreme poverty by 2030 if countries don ’ t try to solve the social , economic and cultural problems that keep them poor .
they soon moved from belarus to protect themselves from the dangerous chernobyl nuclear accident .
enric duran gave the money to projects that created and supported alternatives to capitalism .
there may be prosecutions too , after all these years , of sheffield wednesday , south yorkshire police and sheffield city council , which was responsible for the safety of the stadium .
the department store has spent £7 million on a campaign that includes the tv ad , a smartphone game and merchandise , including glow-in-the- dark pyjamas .
such near-perihelion oppositions happen on a regular cycle every twenty-two years , with the last happening in 1991 and the next in 2013 .
“ occupy wall street had some important things to say about the gap between rich and poor but it was negative about the 1 % , ” said jamie traeger-muney , a wealth psychologist .
she says that he wrote things about her personal life that are not true .
tonnerre kalara club de yaoundé is a football club which plays in cameroon .
this was nothing new : the history of the bond series has been one of constant change , especially of the lead actor : first , sean connery ; then , george lazenby , roger moore , timothy dalton , brosnan and , now , craig .
singles competition -lrb- 2002-2003 -rrb- after years in the tag team division , jeff fought the undertaker in a ladder match for the championship .
in the vedas , soma is both the sacred drink and also a god -lrb- deva -rrb- .
summary nausicaä of the valley of the wind is about a young princess called nausicaä .
in 1995 , two mothers were paid damages after their sons , born in 1989 , were switched by mistake at the johannesburg hospital where they were born .
cool is talking about the three amazing climbs he completed the previous weekend .
“ it ’ s a very young and lively city , ” she added .
“ these objections are not completely legal , ” she said .
but , he had almost no money in the bank .
he was brought in to replace josh brainard on guitar and is the last member of the band 's current line-up to have joined .
in the watson-crick base pairing , adenine -lrb- a -rrb- forms a base pair with thymine -lrb- t -rrb- , and guanine -lrb- g -rrb- with cytosine -lrb- c -rrb- in dna .
hakob kojoyan helped armenian architect alexander tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the democratic republic of armenia .
he performed all the time for white audiences in the 1900s .
i am making money and i can give some of it to my family , ” says the 27-year-old .
on the start of world war i in august , 1914 , his father went to france and took part in the early fighting .
“ 4c would be catastrophic , not simply dangerous , ” sherwood said .
he hopes to be the republican presidential nominee .
she is a soprano with a three-octave vocal range and a distinctive throat vibrato .
she described herself as open-minded , too .
the skin and bones are taken through the border to india , where the big dealers are .
effects after she died , shah jahan went into mourning for a year .
1 flappy bird dong nguyen , the inventor of the mobile game flappy bird , removed it from app stores .
dr claudia garcia-moreno , of the who , and professor charlotte watts , from the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , wrote the reports .
one waiter said that at least a third of his money is from tips .
only belgium , denmark , the netherlands and luxembourg in mainland europe have no breeding populations of at least one large carnivore species .
the idea of a fully automated transportation system is interesting because it could improve safety – people ’ s mistakes won ’ t cause accidents any more .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was organist from at least 1615 until his death .
france already has more than a quarter of a million refugees .
if we compare the ‘ perfect ’ lives of our friends with our own lives , this can make us want to stay at home alone .
it is possible that the magazine editor and the photographer or photographers will also have to go to a criminal court .
as soon as the children at a primary school in stirling , scotland , hear the words “ daily mile ” , they leave the classroom and start running around the school field .
uchida was made a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 2009 queen 's birthday honours list .
but the police still repeated their lies at the inquest .
he recently worked with slipknot on their new fourth studio album called all hope is gone .
in india , lamborghini sells two models : the gallardo and the aventador , which has a maximum speed of 217 miles per hour .
what the job involves : you descend to the sea ed and look for unexploded bombs and mines .
winners have contributed almost £750 million to the economy .
the report says that 30 % of women are attacked by their partners .
but , greenhouse gases are trapping more and more heat and over 90 % disappears into the oceans .
boiling tubes can also be used as a replacement for test tubes specially when a larger volume is desired .
scientific classification can also be called scientific taxonomy , but it is different than folk taxonomy , which is not scientific .
he often praised the musicians who influenced him and he usually mentioned t-bone walker first .
it ’ s more a medical use of a body . ”
so what can stop trump ?
scientists in stanford , california , found that a roof painted black was 60c hotter than the air temperature in sunlight .
main features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a very complex key schedule .
smart says that the challenges are very big , particularly because the economy is so bad .
the international union for conservation of nature and natural resources -lrb- iucn -rrb- is an international organization set up to protect plants , animals and habitats .
“ in fact , ” mason added , “ i ’ ve become much more confident riding the subway. ” many findings made sense : stations like grand central and times square , where there are more people , had more bacteria .
but many millions of people living in the developing world ’ s great cities , including lagos and calcutta , are in danger .
many students choose a faculty committee whose members have the same interests as they do .
it did not matter if it was , as some people suggested , just a publicity stunt for a minor team , clermont foot 63 .
it is less than ten feet above sea level ; an increasing number of tropical storms are flooding the city ; and it is built on porous rock , which absorbs the rising seawater .
alan stern , the mission ’ s principal investigator , said “ new horizons is returning amazing results .
3 .
south korea has the fastest speeds in the world – 23.6mbps .
“ it is the right time .
hands-on experience is essential .
the rest of their viewing time is spent watching dvds , streamed content through netflix or itunes and recorded television programmes .
there will be a ceremony to lay him into his new grave there , probably next year .
simplification the most common form of language reform involves changing the spelling of words .
victoria pomery , the director of turner contemporary , said : “ the vote shows that turner is britain ’ s favourite artist . ”
in astronomy a habitable zone -lrb- hz -rrb- is a region of space where conditions are best for life to form as it is found on earth .
the director of the globe theatre recently said as a joke that shakespeare was a true london man .
then , they give the names of three other people who have to do the same or donate money to the charity .
“ i don ’ t think that was because of pressure they put on her .
she was also teatcher in declamation there .
rick is unlikeable , and so selfish that he believes he is the " most popular member of the flat " even though his housemates really hate him .
french troops land at killala in county mayo to assist irish rebellion .
by 2018 , that total will probably reach $ 4 trillion , the report says , and there will be three times more multimillionaires .
his head is a marvellous thing .
“ there are a lot of people hiding their wealth because they are worried about negative judgment , ” said traeger-muney .
they will float to the top of the sky where the recover and return to attack zub again .
but the increase in numbers of organs is still not enough .
northern countries , for example in europe or north america , will probably receive more rainfall , but many subtropical , dry regions will likely get less rain , ' said the report .
maya of all social classes could get the drink , but the rich drank chocolate from fancy vessels or cups .
in restaurants , because a lot of customers add tips by card , the staff never see how much the tip is – so we don ’ t know if what we get is fair or not .
in mathematics , a riemann sum is a sum that makes an approximation of the total area underneath a curve on a graph .
women have traditionally had a minor role in professional football but this may be changing .
there was a list that included 590 painters , sculptors , fashion designers , photographers , film-makers and actors .
the critics usually analyse the novels of well-known british author david mitchell in detail .
it is also the length of the pitch , between the wickets , in cricket .
its logo was created by advertising executive rob janoff in 1977 .
but the company wants to double exports to america in 2014 and will soon start producing teff-based pizzas , bread and cookies .
the jump beat two of kittinger ’ s records : before , the retired us air force colonel held the high altitude and speed records for parachuting .
these ancient relatives of sudan were gentle and powerful , like sudan .
this is a list of victims of nazism who were famous for some reason .
only the congress can pass changes to fifa 's laws .
we had a big meeting with the accord to make them understand they have to help or how will we help our workers ? ” said shaidullah azim , a director of the bangladeshi garment manufacturers and exporters association .
“ it just doesn ’ t sound right to me .
investors hope to find a business model for moocs that will make them profitable .
the subscription fee would be $ 120 per year so apple would earn $ 12 billion a year .
it was going to be in a sale of street art in florida .
in singles matches , john cena beat sabu in an extreme lumberjack match , which featured wrestlers from the raw and ecw brands at ringside .
people like this cheap , user-friendly and legal alternative to pirated downloads .
in january 1938 schussnig had been told to fire the chief of staff of the austrian army , alfred jansa , from his position .
the pictures sent back to earth from voyager 2 in 1989 became the basis of a pbs all-night program called neptune all night .
in 1943 , graham graduated from wheaton college in illinois with a degree in anthropology .
a team at leicester university has told the world that the body they found under a local car park is the body of king richard iii .
bolivia ’ s return could be blocked only if a third or more of the 184 countries that have signed the convention opposed the exemption .
fourteen men were charged in may 2015 .
scientists tested 17 young people aged eight to 16 with autism .
eu finance ministers have asked banks and authorities to look at whether countries should limit high-value notes or get rid of them .
it is the county seat of washington county , and one of the largest cities in a region known as western maryland .
he used a boat to row across to where the submarine was stuck .
when the reichstag met in september 1932 , its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in von papen ’ s government .
the report says that 12.6 % of women in wealthy countries will be sexually attacked by a non-partner in their lives .
today , the nrc is an independent , private organisation .
many local people also want to know why they want to built a complex 10km away .
smart believes that everyone should get a second chance .
between november 2012 and january 2013 in the uk , 280 million music tracks were digitally pirated along with 52 million tv shows , 29 million films,18 million ebooks and 7 million software or games files .
you would never talk about another group of people in the way that it seems perfectly normal to talk about wealthy people. ” “ it ’ s really isolating to have a lot of money .
“ it ’ s a little bit of hope at a time when there is lots of very depressing news .
before becoming prime minister , abbas led the negotiations affairs department of the palestine liberation organization -lrb- plo -rrb- .
the youngest members are called “ tinies ” .
they also encourage interaction and feedback from students around the world , he says .
the real problem with sleep isn ’ t that a few rich people think it ’ s a waste of time ; the problem is that 99 % can ’ t afford to spend time sleeping .
the labour party disagreed with a lot of what she did , but we can disagree and also greatly respect her political achievements and her personal strength. ” the former conservative prime minister , sir john major , said that people who worked closely with her would always remember her courage and determination in politics and her humanity and generous spirit in private .
for many years , vienna ’ s government has spent money on good social housing .
it is a refillable air storage device , which you hold in your mouth .
“ when the big breweries target women , it usually fails .
with the album station to station ( 1976 ) , bowie turned himself into a new character , the thin white duke .
the exemption would make it more difficult to control the illegal drugs trade. ” the right of indigenous people in south america ’ s andean region to chew coca leaf was removed in 1964 when bolivia was under a dictatorship and it signed the convention .
this is the problem : we hear so many noises that we stop listening .
the jump was on a sunny morning in good weather .
vladimir jurowski -lrb- born 4 april 1972 in moscow -rrb- is a russian conductor .
and , when they build the equipment to make these discoveries , it also leads to fantastic improvements in technology. ” scientists must find new names for the elements but , also , they must suggest two-letter symbols for the elements .
the most important question is : should the government have some reason to suspect wrongdoing before collecting americans ’ most personal information ?
volcanoes , hurricanes and earthquakes can make a city totally disappear .
this percentage rose to 60 % in some areas of ethiopia between 1999 and 2009 .
there has been no fall in crime rates , but , between 2011 and 2012 , there was a 6 % drop in the number of people in sweden ’ s prisons , now a little over 4,500 .
he was sent to australia as a convict for seven years .
a first language -lrb- also mother tongue , native language , arterial language , or l1 -rrb- is the language a person first learns .
they are doing the same thing as the very successful films produced by marvel studios .
in intensive care , antibiotic resistant bacteria are most common .
the bank then lends this money to borrowers .
she is said to have discovered the resting place of the three crosses used at the crucifixion of jesus and the two thieves - dismas and gestas - who were executed with him .
the first phase , called noor 1 , will be ready in november 2015 .
when wells are polluted , there is no town water which can be brought in because the town government has no wells of its own .
they run 20 hours a day , 364 days a year and are used by 13,000 people per hour , with 95 % of them running at one time .
the other device can be designed for used in less securely environments .
the organization said a team of scientists from the riken institute in japan discovered element 113 .
under adams , sinn féin moved away from being a political voice of the provisional ira to becoming a professionally organised political party in both northern ireland and the republic of ireland .
“ the movie studio wants to continue the franchise and make sure new films are of good quality .
in 1990 , doctors told king he had diabetes and he reduced his touring .
history the first kind of pencil may have been the ancient roman stylus , which was a thin metal stick used for scratching on papyrus , often made of lead .
in 1843 , john couch adams calculated the orbit of an eighth planet that would possibly be influencing the orbit of uranus .
“ people think i have that choice .
it is all part of the experience brooks needs to have before he can referee at more important games .
it did not matter that it was a second-division club .
“ what are we waiting for ? ” some of the numbers may be affected by women doing jobs where there is less of a culture of bonus payments .
the new research has reduced that range to between 3c and 5c , by studying the biggest cause of uncertainty : clouds .
the course is one of only two accredited moocs in the uk at the moment .
a rival factory-safety group , supported by us retailers including walmart and gap , the alliance for bangladesh worker safety , has given $ 5 million to help pay factory workers for up to two months while buildings are improved .
it was weird . ”
“ the engineer takes feedback from the driver , analyses the data and gives this to the mechanics. ” qualifications : a university degree , usually in automotive/mechanical engineering or motorsport technology .
in 1589 , salt making started in sunderland .
the team from the us , japan , germany and the uk asked zookeepers and others who worked with male and female apes of various ages to complete questionnaires on the animals .
after returning to the united states , ram dass and larry brilliant founded the seva foundation , a worldwide development organization which tries to end world poverty by following the teachings of neem karoli baba .
he was replaced as the rams ' main quarterback after he fumbling six times in the opener of the 2003 season against the new york giants .
it ’ s hard to sleep if you ’ re one of the 15 million americans who work irregular hours .
benjamin carle is 96.9 % made in france , even his underpants and socks .
nobody knows which came first : the economic crisis in greece or shisha , the drug that is called the “ cocaine of the poor ” .
her mother wanted her to leave school and marry , but she did not .
this , they say , is the ape equivalent of the midlife crisis .
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous .
“ i wanted to let people to do more – not just get underwater and spend 30 seconds holding their breath , ” says redmond , 27 .
“ runners , for example , need to run a lot of miles in their training , ” he says .
he added that bears and wolves live less than an hour away from rome .
about 200 children were injured .
one example is his sudarium of saint veronica , an engraving of the face of jesus from a single spiralling line that starts at the tip jesus 's nose -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
by comparison , the entire global worth of recorded music in 2014 was just under $ 15 billion .
the tarantula , who knew what to do , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
the new regulation will now probably be introduced in september .
the term " union council " may be used for areas that are part of cities .
dennis conyon from the uk national taxi association said that taxi drivers will become unemployed .
martha wood lives beside a loud bar that has live music .
mystery shoppers are usually repaid any money they spend in the stores and may also be allowed to keep the products they buy .
the who now recommends teaching doctors and nurses to recognize the signs of domestic violence and sexual assault .
he says poland ’ s new government doesn ’ t like wolves .
in 2004 , roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in nhl history by a group of 41 writers , along with a fan poll .
it ’ s hard to sleep if you ’ re worried about your safety or haven ’ t had enough to eat .
there will no doubt be other theories in future days and weeks , just as there were following the death of pope john paul i in 1978 , 33 days after his election .
communication between riders and drivers , between different vehicles and between cars and infrastructure is bringing transportation into a new era .
also important is the change outside africa from communicable diseases to “ lifestyle ” diseases , such as heart disease , stroke , diabetes and cancer .
worst part of the job : cleaning up after suicides .
his latest album , blackstar , appeared on his 69th birthday on 8 january 2016 .
it is often mild and an attack can pass unnoticed .
in 2007 , 13 rhinos were killed by poachers in south africa .
bisexual pornography is separate from threesome pornography , which shows one man and two women .
swift said that john lewis wants to just get “ something right for the company at this time of year and do something we hope customers really love. ” sarah vizard , from marketing week , said “ there are a lot more companies doing christmas ads this year but i think a lot of those companies just show what you can buy in store .
“ downton abbey expresses a certain view of britain .
article 166 was meant to control the possession of arms , but it was used to target armenians by not letting them possess arms .
in fact , most of the bacteria the team found are harmless to humans .
the city became rich thanks to the very large amount of iron ore that is below the town .
the family moved to vienna in 1907 where they changed the czech slavic name of " zajtich " to the german " seyß-inquart " .
the employee was hired at a different nearby location .
“ the crisis has given dealers the possibility to sell a new , cheap drug , a cocaine for the poor , ” said poulopoulos .
it was possible to catch turtles or small fish by hand , he said , because “ they will come close to a small boat to shelter underneath it ” .
michael thali , the director of zurich ’ s institute for forensic medicine in europe , and one of the inventors of virtopsy , said it could completely change criminal investigations .
millions of barrels of oil are used to make plastic bottles and transporting mineral water across the planet produces even more carbon emissions .
some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6000 meters , whether in a trench or not .
nocturnes is a piece of music for orchestra by the french composer claude debussy .
the researchers said oxytocin might help other treatments that are used to help people with autism in social situations .
but , more importantly , it releases heat .
but , for millions of japanese employees , if they leave work and arrive home in time for dinner , people say that they are disloyal to their company .
“ not one of those massive ones ; just a normal one at £100 or so , ” she said .
some people are saying that anitta had to give up her black skin to be a success in the mostly white middle-class market .
almost all weapons and objects in a level can be moved or deleted in forge mode .
“ i come as often as i can , ” said adonis ortiz , 20 .
he felt more pain after he returned to gravity than after shorter trips .
everyone enjoyed robin van persie ’ s extraordinary diving header for the netherlands against spain .
small inductors can also be put onto integrated circuits using the same ways that are used to make transistors .
the arrests that followed the riots showed that wasn ’ t true .
natural sounds are easily drowned out by traffic , music and others noises , fristrup said .
councilwoman latoya cantrell , who introduced the ban , disagrees : “ the responsibility is on the bar-owner to keep their customers respectful outside as well , ” she says .
the area that has the most of these fish is at the section between the amazon river and the rio negro , near brazil 's inland city of manaus .
some rich nepali have tiger heads on the walls of their living rooms .
the animals came from zoos , sanctuaries and research centres in the us , australia , japan , canada and singapore .
it is not known how much , if any , of this story is true , but historians do know that silk was first made in china .
“ i ’ m going to be very clear , ” axani said , soon after the pair returned to toronto .
the typical swimmer can hold their breath for about 40 seconds while underwater .
this took everyone by surprise , especially because the spd was below 25 % in polls at the time .
for the older teenagers , it might be better to start the school day at 11am or even later .
the art in my books is super intricate. ” the illustrator , who lives in aberdeenshire , is creating a third book .
it is so rare to see a wolf that seeing droppings makes it a good day .
i talked to multilingual friends and they said that they are fluent in french or italian when ordering from a restaurant menu , for example , but freeze if they have to say numbers , especially over the phone .
they also use their eyes to communicate with members of the same species .
“ when this agreement arrives on my desk , i will sign it immediately , ” he said .
iain grieve born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
obama wants more taxes for families that earn more than $ 250,000 ; boehner does not want more taxes .
he issued over 1,000 addresses and radio broadcasts , another record .
chitwan national park in central nepal has the most adult tigers , with 120 , followed by bardiya national park ( 50 ) and shukla phanta wildlife reserve ( 17 ) .
“ i got here at 10.15pm and i ’ m further back now than when i got here ” she said .
elara did not get its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as .
under french law , if you do not respect someone ’ s privacy , you may have to spend a maximum of one year in prison and pay a fine of €45,000 .
in 2012 , he performed at a concert at the white house , where the us president , barack obama , joined him to sing sweet home chicago .
a saddle is like a seat for a rider , which is fixed to an animal 's back by a girth .
and , if they can not find food easily , they will need to use their extra blubber .
we all – politicians , business and people – have a responsibility to protect what we all value : a healthy future for people and nature .
in china , sales fell by 23 % .
he is pleased to see tourists back .
whedon , firefly companion , vol 1 , 6 whedon wanted to have a show that was about when life was physical and things did not come easy to people .
voted into hall of fame on first vote in 1961 .
facebook is still growing fast in south america .
his income has fallen slowly , because of his illness and his wife ’ s illness , the cost of his son ’ s marriage , the death of his father and loss of goods such as fishing nets .
she went to libraries around the us and found the paper letters of the people involved .
“ someone else who is also a billionaire – they don ’ t want anything from you .
employees on zero-hours contracts often get no holiday or sick pay and have to ask permission before looking for extra work with another company .
news reports showed that the poorer , rural villages were hardest hit .
it is generally thought of as being more sophisticated than magazines , such as maxim or fhm .
three quarters of the world ’ s food production depends on bees and other insects .
like earlier ipcc reports , it contains four reports , three of them from its working groups .
hs revolutionized the traditional tango into a new style known as nuevo tango , by mixing elements from jazz and classical music .
i was so cold and very worried – i didn ’ t know how bad my injuries were and my biggest fear was internal bleeding .
tehsils & unions in the district of mardan - government of pakistan it is located at 34 ° 26 ' 0n 72 ° 3 ' 0e and has a height of 406 metres -lrb- 1335 feet -rrb- .
it has a brand value of $ 4.3 billion .
kelly described the sense of wonder he felt after he landed back on earth .
in spite of these unfavorable conditions , a curved convective band formed in its northern and western sections , and the circulation became better organized .
when he did spiritual practice at bavania in gujarat , he was known as tallaiya baba .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus , including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library buildings , and two residence halls .
there were just a few drugs that could kill it – for example , vancomycin and teicoplanin .
he is now in the pro football hall of fame .
a strikeout is when a batter has three strikes .
when they did the task correctly , they got some water .
he was probably lactose intolerant and could not digest starchy foods easily .
but everyone agrees that shisha is a killer .
the idea was – what about people ’ s shoes ? ” people use the word “ creepy ” a lot during discussions of tracking in stores .
the son of a friend of mine who didn ’ t study much is in london and he ’ s doing very well .
she ’ s very good at knowing what we are doing. ” “ i write poems about everything .
businesses have realized that they can make money from the sleep revolution .
it needs more research , ” he said .
heaven 's gate was the name of a ufo group led by marshall applewhite and bonnie nettles , until their deaths .
daniel waters also won an award for his screenplay , which won a 1990 edgar award .
but now that he has won , he returned to famous lines from earlier speeches , and he talked again about “ hope ” .
if i don ’ t defend my country , who will ? ” in private conversation , ordinary people say something different .
john lennon and yoko ono record " give peace a chance " at their " bed-in " in montreal .
ten days later , on 5 september , when more excavation proved morris had found the right place , he returned with lin foxhall , head of the archaeology department , to excavate the body .
there were 800 major fire disasters there between 1953 and 2014 .
a recent report says that the wealthiest people in india will become four times richer by 2018 – hundreds of thousands of new entrepreneurs and inheritors will become multimillionaires .
scientists have connected the brains of two rats and allowed them to share information .
south africa ’ s first black president died with his family with him at home in johannesburg after years of illness .
there are many quirky solutions to help make our cities better places to live , such as glow-in-the-dark trees , underground bike sheds and solar-powered bins .
they did not believe they had a reason to .
we think dolphins are lovely and we have faith in them – who would think a dolphin would ever attack a person ?
clank wants to stop drek , and wants ratchet to help him find a superhero called captain qwark , who he thinks will stop drek .
a town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it does not have a market anymore , provided the right to do so still holds .
it started out with wario land : super mario land 3 , and has grown to have its new spin-off series with warioware , inc . : mega microgame $ !
ballan ’ s first primary school started on 8 january 1855 .
e-cigarettes do not contain tobacco and produce vapour , not smoke .
history arch mineral corporation began in 1969 , as a partnership between ashland oil -lrb- now ashland , inc . -rrb- and the hunt family of dallas .
other technology companies have also done very well in the 2014 report .
“ i think it is the most important solar plant in the world. ” the noor 2 and 3 plants , which are planned to open in 2017 , will store energy for up to eight hours .
john steele , chief executive of the youth sport trust , said the quality of a young person ’ s introduction to sport at school can be “ a major factor ” in their sporting development .
an earlier version of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904 , but lost to the ottawa senators .
the country ’ s naming laws have been criticized in recent years : in 2013 , blær – “ light breeze ” – bjarkardóttir rúnarsdottir won the right to be officially called her name , not “ girl ” .
the term “ the celsius or centigrade thermometer ” was again used to refer to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850 .
12-hour clock times end with dotted or undotted lower-case a.m. or p.m. , or am or pm .
sam swam across the pool three times easily .
only around 1 % of people who have never smoked have tried an electronic cigarette .
on september 17 2004 , joss whedon said on the movie 's official site that shooting was done .
a few months ago , it company computer sciences corporation ( csc ) wrote a report that said around 30 % of stores use facial recognition technology to track customers in shops .
dr ben brabon of edgehill university teaches a mooc – a massive open online course .
“ i ’ m sure one of the reasons western australia premier , colin barnett , did it was because he was thinking it would encourage tourism .
his trainer at lima ’ s huachipa zoo , alfredo correa , says , “ they can eat dead animals because their bodies protect them from viruses and bacteria , ” he says .
to sit in a chair and do nothing but think .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular both in france and elsewhere in the 1850s and 1860s .
would you believe it ?
most people did the study online – and , in developing countries , this means the people who did the survey were probably wealthy .
this change in our bodies is useful in diving – but it is even more useful for not drowning .
glass has many uses – you can surf the internet , read emails , take photographs – but telepathy will be “ more of a communication machine ” .
“ the animals were on different continents , but they could still communicate , ” said miguel pais-vieira , the first author of the study .
his machine didn ’ t use plastic cards – it used cheques .
many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they looked like civilian homeless people that uniformed officers would think that they were criminals if they used their guns .
he says the police have done some good work in arresting gang members .
the main features of an rtos are minimal interrupt latency and a minimal thread switching latency .
i really want to prevent other people being injured .
if we know how many children die and why , the world can try to keep them alive .
he was a normal millionaire .
the first team would land on mars in 2023 to begin building the colony , and a team of four astronauts would arrive every two years after that .
one user said he sometimes visits in the middle of the night , when nobody else is around , and , then , the speed is extremely fast .
“ the virtopsy could replace the autopsy one day , ” said richard dirndorfer , one of the first people to use dna analysis in criminology .
only smuggling across the syrian border , and humanitarian aid kept iraq from crisis .
and , if code can be exchanged between humans , that will end all war . ”
the system seems better in france , where they don ’ t tip much but being a waiter is seen as a proper job with job security and good wages .
one book , the alexandrian life of aeschylus , said that he won the first prize at the city dionysia 13 times .
within five days , he made £36,200 .
the post office was established on may 24 , 1897 , and was named after the koweta mission .
the people of botswana have had the world 's fastest growth in standard of living since that time .
“ virunga ’ s rich natural resources are for the congolese people , not for foreign oil companies , ” lumbuenamo said .
the word " cereal " comes from ' ceres ' , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .
bananas have been the most popular fruit in the uk since 1996 – adults ate 221g per adult per week in 2014 , much more than apples ( 131g ) and oranges ( 48g ) .
teff is now called ethiopia ’ s “ second gift to the world ” , after coffee .
but he says that people often don ’ t understand the importance of documents until hundreds of years later .
but boer says that the government has learned from past mistakes and is not planning to put antisocial families together .
south wales police also said they received calls from staff at tesco stores because so many people came to the sales that they became worried .
“ we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states .
“ i am proud that wales will be the first nation in the uk to take this step .
a company from the netherlands wants to turn dreams of reaching mars into reality .
so , there was a lot of interest when they announced more details about the 24th bond film – especially its title , spectre .
“ even people born here and living in athens , who have their own places on the island , aren ’ t coming. ” kakali has asked the government and a major greek bank to install an atm and this should arrive soon .
“ we ’ re giving him a lot of water and he ’ s getting stronger. ” fraser christian , who teaches people how to survive at sea , said that if the man ’ s story was true , it would be amazing but not unique .
oil would be a curse .
the alabama state legislature made more counties from former indian lands as the indian removal act took effect and settlers populated different areas of alabama .
he was a leading figure in the german green party and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in germany for most of the government 's duration .
they can be a very pale pink all the way up to dark brown .
but , it will take a long time to get fully automated because the average age of cars on the road is 11.5 years old .
“ one day , i ’ m cleaning up after a dead body ; another day , i ’ m in a prison cell .
it is sometimes recommended to fight diarrhoea , since it is high in dietary fibre .
“ why did we have to have the fairy tale little red riding hood , with its big bad wolf ? ” he is fascinated by these animals , who remained in the wild 33,000 years ago when other types of dog decided on a much more comfortable life as pets .
never being able to trust your friendships with other people , i think that is difficult , ” said cockrell .
there were cheers when richard buckley , leader of the team of archaeologists , finally said that they were certain they had found the body of the king .
you ’ re advertising a problem that doesn ’ t exist in a major way and you ’ re deterring people from wanting to come to perth and your beautiful countryside around it .
but , there was an even more surprising result .
artemis was born first , and then helped leto to give birth to apollo .
“ at the end of the trip , we ’ d developed a really great rhythm – one second , we had really funny jokes and , the next second , we knew when the other person needed time alone. ” the pair did not fall in love , but axani said the trip was “ fantastic ” .
while working with mylène farmer and laurent boutonnat , alizée came up with two albums — both of which were hits inside and outside of france .
but fi gures from the smoking toolkit study show vaping may be becoming less popular .
at first , he did not believe it was the king .
the tests will make sure all cars meet a limit of 80mg of nitrogen oxide per kilometre .
he tossed jörmungandr into the ocean that surrounds midgard .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician , and physicist christiaan huygens .
usually shown as being bald , with long whiskers , people say he is a living form of the southern polestar .
they could earn money by finding out why and when millions of students enrol , interact with their material , submit their assignments , message each other and stop the course .
on july 6 , 2008 , it rose to # 4 on vh1 's vh1 top 20 video countdown .
under us law , if the government asks for users ’ communications , companies must give that information , but the prism program allows the government direct access to the companies ’ servers .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate that the surface is stony .
under president and ceo reynolds , the park ran until april 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a long tourism decline following the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
the song , then known as " loving you " , was made quickly with many sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays , nature sounds , and minnie riperton 's " lovin ' you " .
“ i decided to do this because i often go on youtube and some people are doing it wrong because they don ’ t understand how hard they need to work , ” says tabata .
“ some local authorities and organizations treat e-cigarettes like cigarettes – they ban them in public places and outdoors , ” he said .
finally , in 1990 , fw de klerk ended the ban on the anc and mandela was released from prison .
i ’ ve tried to show people it is fun .
arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an urartian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which the name arsene , arsissa , known by the ancients to part of lake van .
she was devastated .
but the challenge continues to grow .
the best news is that small children die much less often than forty years ago .
it now has more than 9 million users .
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same origins as many racket sports .
leicester is officially the largest city in the region , although the largest area is the nottingham urban area .
the color of the body is from light brown to grey and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots , especially on the legs .
in the centre ’ s courtyard , tech-savvy young people relax throughout the day or just sit outside when it ’ s crowded .
a big sky hangs over this flat but dramatic landscape .
many residents don ’ t pay their taxes .
they studied the effects on humans of weightlessness , radiation and the cramped conditions of spaceflight .
the number of 19-to-21-year-olds who visit mcdonald ’ s once a month has fallen by 13 % since 2011 .
picasa web albums was first announced on june 6 , 2006 .
now , chinese house hunters are following russians and kazakhs who have spent millions to get an address that estate agents tell them is as world famous as the champs elysées and rodeo drive .
this would improve exam results and students ’ health ( lack of sleep can cause diabetes , depression , obesity and other health problems ) .
if it works in the rest of europe , there ’ s absolutely no reason why it can ’ t work in the uk , ” he said .
she made her first apperence in series 3 's " smith and jones " , broadcast in the uk on 31 march 2007 .
“ there are young men in there with three , four , five tellies .
a plane is a noisy place and food loses some of its taste when there are loud noises .
“ on some sites , there was an option to click saying : 'i ’ d like kids someday , ' but i read the person ’ s profile and thought : 'you will never have time ! '
it is the capital of the al jizah governorate , and is near the northeast border of this governorate in coordinates .
to him , a canoe is more than just a form of transport .
“ we have touched sections of the community who have never before been touched by politics , ” he said .
our eyes met and i felt she was sorry for what she did to me .
jared goodman from peta said : “ seaworld has lots of problems .
history the district was set up in 1994 by joining the old districts of eisenberg , jena and stadtroda .
oxnard is the largest city in ventura county , california because of it 's population .
“ there is guilt that they are rich , ” he said .
mammary intercourse is sometimes combined with oral sex .
two stellar occultations by psyche have been seen -lrb- from mexico on march 22 , 2002 , and another on may 16 , 2002 -rrb- .
manchester police said they arrested at least two people at black friday sales events .
but , in a country where only about 5 % of the population has open access to the internet , a facility that is both free and has no restrictions is very welcome .
when you take a long flight , the difference between local time and your body ’ s time causes jet lag .
queen is an english rock band .
cherryade was first made in the 19th century , along with other drinks like limeade and ginger beer , which had been made because lemonade was very popular .
but many of the people in kiruna will probably not have enough money to live there .
the farming of cows , pigs and sheep makes very big amounts of greenhouse gases – 35 % of the planet ’ s methane , 65 % of its nitrous oxide and 9 % of the carbon dioxide .
instead , they decide to use their powerful telescopes to look at jupiter and venus and , later , to find stars such as capella and betelgeuse .
instead , we build a memory from small pieces of memory of the event , as well as information from other places .
often , the native languages of these people have forms that did not get used in english .
butare has 89,600 residents and is 135km south of the capital , kigali .
the general rule is that eating just before doing sport is not a good idea and especially not halfway through the class .
moderate flooding happened in acapulco , which caused mudslides in some areas .
the festival organizers will give stainless-steel reusable bottles to all band members .
blue light scatters more than other colours , so the blue looks like it comes from the sky .
georgian writings around the drum attests his name .
this is causing a man-made drought .
he died in 1946 , six years before she was born .
his latest novel , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
other breweries have already asked female if they can brew new beers with them .
campaigners say that car makers have tried to delay reforms to car tests .
in 2009 , italy ’ s central bank said that mafia money launderers and terrorists used the notes .
the rock formations -lrb- groups -rrb- are made of sandstone with layers of quartz .
so , what problems do america ’ s 1 % have ?
“ security is already bad .
the season was canceled on february 16 , 2005 because of an unfinished lockout that began on september 16 , 2004 .
the owner , geoff douville , loves the ban – before , he felt forced to live with smoke to keep his bar popular .
the report says that their previous research shows that better-educated women and working women are less likely to experience violence , but not in all regions .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to live on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
spotify , for example , lost €93.1 million in 2013 .
huth used short , interesting stories .
he also recorded scandinavian christmas music on scandinavian yuletide voices -lrb- 2005 -rrb- , and a tribute to the finnish legendary tango composer , toivo kärki on the album , leivonen lumimyrskyssä -lrb- a lark in a snowstorm -rrb- -lrb- 2006 -rrb- .
a square is a shape with four equal sides and four corners that are all right angles -lrb- 90 degrees -rrb- .
after that the shire 's business was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
there are plans to build an oil pipeline through doñana and there is also an idea to build new hotels and golf courses , which would use a lot of local water .
michy did it first. ” clermont foot 63 says that costa ’ s becoming the team ’ s manager will allow the club to enter “ a new era ” .
after she retired , she wrote her memoirs and continued to promote her values around the world .
“ we realize we have much work to do , ” manby said .
she is a bar worker who says she was fed up with male beer snobs telling her : “ what do you know about beer ? ” she talked to female and they joined ocean , a local independent micro-brewery .
it has a population of 25,000 and it is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of gwadar located nearly 80 km to the east .
its articles are now carried by press release information centers like world news , scoop .
but the local people in srinagar like tourism .
the city is the home of fourah bay college and the njala university college .
“ the drone will have to see hazards .
the indonesian capital has pumped out so much water to support its population that the land above is too dry .
we take the videos that people are filming at concerts and mix them together with everybody else who was filming .
the report says countries should try to help the chronically poor – those who are poor for many years or their entire lives – and stop people becoming poor .
presley ’ s manager , colonel tom parker , told goldsmith that the real reason why elvis never performed in england was because parker was an immigrant .
the new target is not 20-30 % ; it is at least 30 % .
after a gentle warm-up and a few quick exercises , the 93-year-old great-grandmother lets her group sit down and relax with a cup of tea .
every three years the orchestra organize a " gustav mahler conducting prize " .
our heart rate doesn ’ t slow down when we hold our breath .
cathal redmond was swimming off the greek coast .
thyme keeps its flavour on drying better than many other herbs .
“ some local authorities and organizations treat e-cigarettes like cigarettes – they ban them in public places and outdoors , ” he said .
he traveled over 200,000 miles , and that was before the airplane was invented .
the jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first part of the project , but because of the lack of money the line stayed the same until the late 1990s .
he followed it with 1972 ’ s hunky dory , a mix of wordy , elaborate songwriting .
they probably don ’ t notice the springiness of the walkway .
some notable series that are very much like wizardry include the bard 's tale and might and magic .
messaging is now becoming visual .
but there is now more pressure on the accord to help pay workers when their factories close .
bolivia said that the convention was against its new constitution , which says it must “ protect native and ancestral coca ” as part of its cultural heritage and says that coca “ in its natural state … is not a dangerous drug ” .
each year , we waste 1.3 billion tonnes of food , about one third of all the food we produce .
the mirror sends the heat as infrared light out to space .
the earth 's atmosphere is made of roughly 78 % nitrogen , 21 % oxygen and small amounts of other gases .
the encryption key is simply related to the decryption key , in that they may be identical or there is a simple relation between the two keys .
“ but i don ’ t think i would ever say i ’ m absolutely , 100 % finished , ” he said .
“ actually you get used to it after a while , ” said george , who lives in the city .
they ’ re not dangerous but they are almost 100 % muscle and they can be a little bit slimy , ” says stephen mowat , an eel ecologist for the zoological society of london .
in short , a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal ; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal .
he began his career as a painter of miniatures .
woodlands may support an under layer of shrubs , herbs , or grasses .
the teachers and zimarco now plan a separate classroom for around 200 women and 20 children .
some people who killed him were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus .
“ imagine – a person is told to sit in a chair with wires attached to their skin and a button that will give them a harmless but uncomfortable shock , and they are told to just sit there with their thoughts , ” she said .
shower less , put down the soap and let those lovely little bacteria flourish .
later wales changed his opinion and asked for essjay to quit from his jobs with wikipedia and wikia .
“ we love you felix , ” shouted his team in the control room .
“ i want people in the uk to know that not everyone wants to go there .
we still have a situation where scottish mps can vote in the house of commons on english-only issues .
that is a big , big problem for us .
packrats are common in the deserts and higlands of the western united states and northern mexico .
a car with a maximum speed of 25 miles per hour , two seats and no pedals or steering wheel does not sound very interesting .
moving around the city has become difficult and takes a lot of time – another part of life today in a nervous city .
a new report by the usda forest service shows the increasing number of towns and cities that are particularly vulnerable to wildfire .
the data look absolutely gorgeous , and pluto and charon are just mind-blowing. ” john spencer , a mission scientist , said that one of the biggest surprises was the discovery that “ there are mountains in the kuiper belt ” .
web colors are colors used in designing webpages , and the ways for describing and listing those colours .
the alps of western austria give way somewhat into low lands and plains in the eastern part of the country .
a bad decision can stay with you for a while .
she is also a uefa-licensed coach .
the females are also able to delay birth of their baby until their previous joey has left the pouch .
the tale of ninigi no mikoto being sent to earth is told in the nihon shoki .
the number of wild royal bengal tigers in nepal has increased to 198 – a 63.6 % increase in five years – the survey showed .
it was downloaded more than 50 million times and was making him around £30,000 each day .
£1.17 billion was given to family and friends , and £680 million was spent on cars and holidays .
by early the next day , the remnants of gabrielle were absorbed by an another cold front .
“ it was crazy in there .
there was a drop in extreme poverty from 1.9 billion in 1990 to 1.2 billion in 2010 , but the report says that progress in the next 15 years will be much more difficult .
i mean , how many british citizens were killed on 9/11 ?
many feel that they are being diagnosed with a disease only for being different .
the industry accepts people with a very wide range of qualifications and skills .
several marsupials , such as koalas and some possums , are partly resistant to it .
if we waste one-third of all this , you can imagine what a huge effect this has on the natural resources – on land , water , energy and greenhouse gases. ” the us , canada , australia and new zealand produce the most food waste .
“ it should make at least a billion dollars .
his full name is pablo diego josé francisco jimminy de paula juan nepomuceno maría de los remedios tim cipriano de la santísima nuts trinidad clito ruiz y picasso .
fewer than 20 % of the people he helps reoffend .
it was important to me to leave an organization in the strongest possible condition and i believe i have done so. ” he said that he thinks the quality of the team will bring continued success at the highest level .
“ but are the differences relevant ?
diatomic molecules are molecules made only of two atoms , of either the same or different chemical elements .
others were scared because of the anti-indian fighting – almost 70,000 people have died during the fighting .
the shutdown cost the us $ 24 billion .
and water is heavier than air .
as well as footbal kit sponsors for fc bayern munich , ferencvárosi tc , the blues city , borehamwood and west bromwich albion , t-mobile is also a sponsor of several sports events , some of which carry the company name .
at the cowles foundation , his research was mainly on future prices and wages , following the work of robert solow .
giardia lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that infects the gastrointestinal tract and causes giardiasis .
poutrincourt 's son gave the settlement to charles de saint-étienne de la tour upon his own death in 1623 .
“ we also have terrific public transport – the underground trains run 24 hours at weekends and it only costs €1 per trip. ” “ vienna ’ s location is very special , ” said martin eichtinger , austrian ambassador to london , who lived in vienna for 20 years .
on a larger scale , energy conservation is an important element of energy policy .
“ he asked us to go into his office and told us his decision .
those who are born in the state are known as " capixabas " , but the more correct word is " espiritossantenses " .
for systems using digital signal processing , developers may use a math workbench or tools such as matlab , mathcad , or mathematica to simulate the mathematics .
the way we use navigation technology also has an impact on our own abilities , says spiers .
everyone knows that the british love tea but they drink more than 50 % less tea than in the 1970s – 68g of tea per person per week compared to only 25g .
it may also hurt internal organs -lrb- for example pulling out the intestines -rrb- - resulting in the death of the woman treated .
the report says that injuries are often the first opportunity to discover violence in the home and to offer the woman help .
born on one of cuba ’ s islands , he is known for contemporary art with rustic , seaside and patriotic themes and imagery .
there may be a need for more dna detective work there .
also , she was in a few music videos , for example " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
johan was also the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band recorded a studio album .
the park might become like the niger delta .
she started writing poetry when she was 80 .
they hopethe results of the experiment will help to explain why people “ remember ” things that never happened .
spotify paid a lot of money to get led zeppelin and metallica exclusively .
on july 17 2006 , the keck-10m ii telescope and its laser guide star adaptive optics -lrb- ao -rrb- system indicated a stretched shape for hektor .
schools the cabarrus county schools runs all the public schools in the county except for parts of kannapolis , which has its own school district .
“ i don ’ t even know how much it costs .
a mediterranean version of gothic architecture is the main style of this cathedral , but the cathedral also contains romanesque , french gothic , renaissance art , baroque and neoclassical elements .
it is shocking how the police blamed the football fans for the disaster .
brusque is a city of the santa catarina state , in brazil .
but , it will be a wrong answer .
this was nearly finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with advice from george benjamin .
children smile .
she became famous after she wrote a blog for the bbc urdu service – in the blog , she described her difficult experiences of trying to get an education under the power of the taliban .
ann arbor had set aside 40 acres -lrb- 16 ha -rrb- that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol , but it gave this land to the university when lansing was chosen as the state capital .
today , the kli has about 20 of those former beginners ' grammarians .
in total , the no campaign won 2,001,926 votes ( 55.3 % ) and the yes campaign won 1,617,989 votes ( 44.7 % ) .
larry cantwell , who has lived in east hampton all his life , says homes often cost more than $ 25 million .
q is the seventeenth -lrb- number 17 -rrb- letter in the english alphabet .
this bill would stop the collection of phone records in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy starts the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , songs of repentance sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
i couldn ’ t move normally and i was in pain .
luciano spinosi -lrb- born 9 may , 1950 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
he also said that they found many bacteria that are helpful , like the bacteria used for making cheese .
movements of this line horizon describe all matter , so every elementary particle can be described by a type of movement of a very small segment or loop of string .
the company has problems almost everywhere .
brooks , like swabey , has clear ambitions to progress .
the game also features co-operative play -lrb- co-op -rrb- which allows players to fight against the aliens instead of each other .
the square is often used for pro-government rallies , with people shouting slogans under enormous pictures of president bashar al-assad .
another of groundwater 's short stories has been made into a live play .
people now talk about the gap between rich and poor more because of groups like occupy wall street .
it is possible that this fact helped him to find the idea for telepathy one .
tanya williams , a community officer , said : “ i like barack obama and it ’ s exciting to hear someone who has changed so much. ” oliver sidorczuk , 26 , said : “ everyone is extremely excited to listen to what he has to say. ” furqan naeem , from manchester , said : “ i recently visited the united states and i saw some really important work the president did – the work brought different people together. ” later , obama met labour party leader , jeremy corbyn , who said they had an “ excellent ” 90-minute discussion .
but now , arianna huffington ’ s the sleep revolution , a book that says we need to sleep more and promises to change your life , is a new york times best-seller .
students in developing countries who really want access to first-world universities ?
the commonwealth of puerto rico includes the largest , main island and a number of smaller islands , including mona , vieques , and culebra .
they have got tipping right in italy , where customers don ’ t add a big tip but usually round up their bill so , if their meal is €19 , they leave a €20 note and don ’ t ask for change .
his son ’ s sunglasses were stolen almost as soon as he sat on the beach .
“ the view is great , too , ” he said .
this electric charge remains on an object until they either flow into ground or lose their charge quickly by a discharge .
“ the cardinals were just looking at one another , ” sanchéz barba said .
she was very happy to receive the bottled message , she said , but she hoped other people would not do what her grandfather did and throw bottles with messages into the sea .
it was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .
it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2003 , getting the designation .
he fell at speeds of up to 725 miles per hour , and he broke three world records .
governments shouldn ’ t assume that , just because somebody ’ s income hits $ 1.25 , that means the problem is solved , ” said andrew shepherd , the main author of the report .
taking the pill also significantly reduces the risk of endometrial cancer by half compared to women who have never taken the pill .
so why don ’ t clouds fall out of the sky like rain ?
the number one question is : can spectre be as successful as skyfall ?
he said goodfellow ’ s invention was a failure .
i ’ ve always been like that .
but , this time , the registry has decided to apply the law .
the meat in pet food must come from animals that humans can safely eat .
they come for a taste of something new , something most of them have never tasted before – sweet , cold ice cream .
“ we ’ re just going to continue to fight this battle .
each year for the next hundred years , an author will write a novel that people will only read in 2114 , when the trees are cut down to make paper to make the books .
moocs are mainly a way to publicize and share universities ’ best teachers .
the next two years , the raiders again won western division titles , only to lose the afl championship to the eventual super bowl winners — the new york jets -lrb- 1968 -rrb- and kansas city chiefs -lrb- 1969 -rrb- .
spending a third of your life asleep won ’ t be a luxury anymore ; it will be something only the poor will have to do .
maybe there will be construction equipment that wasn ’ t there but is there now .
when the anc was banned in 1960 , mandela went underground .
when iupac has received the researchers ’ suggestions , they will tell the public so that people can comment on the names .
and that ’ s fine .
international gangs pay poor local nepali people large amounts of money to kill the cats .
and these people have 32 million cars .
the other half , who knows if they come or not ? ” he said .
a small cultural centre in the capital city , havana , has suddenly become a rare source of free wi-fi .
then , he convinced the other teachers in his school that it was a great idea .
the highest levels of violence against women are in africa , where nearly half of all women – 45.6 % – will experience physical or sexual violence .
hahn has played with orchestras such as the london symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , singapore symphony orchestra , just to name a few .
over the years , he has worked with classical and bluegrass artists such as joshua bell , yo-yo ma , béla fleck , sam bush , james taylor , jerry douglas , mike marshall , mark o ' connor , alison krauss , the members of nickel creek , and mary chapin carpenter .
“ it ’ s things like that – the hospital where your first child was born , for example – that are important to people and all that ’ s going to disappear. ” the project will get £320 million from the mining company to build new buildings , including a high school , fire station , community centre , library and swimming hall .
one study says that eating crickets and locusts , and not eating pork and beef , could help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 95 % .
researchers at the university of western australia say the recent spate of shark attacks in the state may have more to do with the state having the fastest-growing population in australia , rather than a rising number of sharks .
he said : “ i feel sorry for them , i really feel sorry for them .
it is fished , smoked , and sold on all markets around the lake .
he said he was only doing his job .
it was an excellent collection that was not a great success .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights this release 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
this scene helped to make the bond series more modern and popular .
“ if you feel ok afterwards you ’ ve not done it properly .
united states part in the war comes to an end .
“ we don ’ t want people to go into total shock when their smartphone disappears or the battery goes flat , ” he said .
the most wasted food in the uk by weight is bread – people throw away 414,000 tonnes ( 22.4 % ) of all the bread they buy .
the winner of the series moves on to play the winner of the national league championship series in baseball 's championship , the world series .
“ a lot of people come here to see the sky now , ” says a man who works for a local car-hire company .
2006 storm names alberto beryl chris debby ernesto florence gordon helene isaac these names will be used for storms that form in the north atlantic in 2006 .
dolphins and porpoises may have the same problems .
“ i think we ’ ll see it happen slowly , just like dna analysis slowly replaced blood group analysis ” .
shops use special cameras for this , like the intel realsense camera .
but they could certainly be a very clever marketing idea , as he says that “ if 20,000 people enrol on a mooc – well , you only need 20 of those to enrol afterwards to have a master ’ s course. ” “ in south america , china and countries in africa , there are many people who want to learn and some of the world ’ s best courses are now online , ” adds sharples .
the team also walked along part of a 15km road known as the road to nowhere , despite warnings about meeting polar bears .
sleep is now an important status symbol for some people .
he also had a carriage of his own with a footman in livery -lrb- uniform -rrb- to drive him about .
conjunction is a word used in astronomy and astrology .
before world war i , the near east meant relatively nearby lands of the ottoman empire , middle east northwestern south asia and central asia , and far east countries along the western pacific ocean and countries along the eastern indian ocean .
this marked the beginning of the line of contact between soviet and american forces , but not the occcupation zones .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the river .
douglas graham , of the uk motor neurone association , said : “ we are not surprised about the criticism but this is a wonderful windfall and we ’ re so grateful .
his character and early life he was known to be a modest , prayerful person , and was thought of as honest and pure by his classmates .
“ i can ’ t see when i breathe out. ” but they decided to continue , and a record 8 million people watched live on youtube .
it then came to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance .
research has also found that there ’ s a black/white sleep gap .
each year , disposable bottles leave the somerset festival site covered in plastic .
but the cubicle became a way for companies to put employees into smaller spaces .
but , in silicon valley , everyone is from everywhere .
google has begun testing the electric car at its headquarters in mountain view , california .
with his icelandic wife , kristin , cardew is appealing against a decision by the national registry in the capital reykjavik – the registry decided not to renew the cardew ’ s ten-year-old daughter harriet ’ s passport because it does not recognize her first name .
but what ’ s monstrous is the way people sell crossbreed dogs since the labradoodle ’ s inventor , wally conron , ﬁrst created the dog in the 1980s .
she agreed , and light came back to the earth .
visitors come to see the gardens in the palace grounds , the exotic birds which roam freely in the grounds , moot hill , which lies in the grounds , as well as the palace itself .
i can ask them to clean it again .
the driver of the freight train later told that the dispatcher in the station had shown him a green light .
the fert group were first to see a large effect giving the name " giant " , and first to explain the correct physics of gmr .
reducing speed by six knots could decrease noise by half. ” some whale species are safer now because there is less whaling but other types of whale are still in danger for many different reasons .
the terms of servicepicasa : terms of service let google to use the uploaded photos to display on the website or via rss feeds , and also for promoting google services without needing to pay the users .
he is known for singer , song writer who wrote sad but beautiful songs appeared several times on popular films and television shows .
“ i couldn ’ t believe that people kept coming back in and nobody did anything about it .
in fact , they may be worse , ” cerf says .
up until 2011 , black or mixed-race students also spent two years less at school on average .
“ a lot of young people are using e-bikes for transportation , instead of cars. ” there is even a cargo bike with a stronger motor and rack at the back .
i was in hospital for five days and i couldn ’ t work for five months .
he believes the region needs more observatories to make sure that visitors will see what they came for .
no one has yet done a quadruple axel jump .
“ the people of kiruna have waited for ten years , ” says viktoria walldin , a social anthropologist whoworks with the architects .
a ship is a large vehicle used to travel on water .
protests across the nation became smaller .
but , protests have happened less often since the opening day , when small demonstrations took place in several cities and police used pepper spray .
this is another thing that may make e-cigarettes more expensive .
it is mostly responsible for the bad weather throughout the world .
the vezina trophy is awarded every year to the national hockey league 's goaltender who is chosen as the best goaltender .
if you breathe extra oxygen before a breath-hold , as in the birmingham radiotherapy experiments , you may be able to stop the diaphragm from becoming tired too quickly .
protesters have also started an online petition – they hope that people who go to the restaurants will support them .
the series tried to create a setting of a gritty , realistic police station similar to that of nypd blue , but differed by focusing on the uniformed police officers rather than the detectives .
among the 197 million population , 82 million said they were “ pardu ” ( mixed race ) , 15 million black , two million asian and 0.5 % indigenous .
find the square root of that average .
“ he ’ s staying at the local council house and a family is feeding him , ” said fjeldstad .
a chinese company has appeared in the top 100 for the first time , with mobile-phone and broadband company huawei at 94th place .
but , now , rich people prefer to send gifts by top western designers .
ohio state won national championships in baseball , men 's basketball , football , men 's swimming & diving , men 's track and field , men 's golf , men 's gymnastics , men 's fencing , men and women 's fencing , and synchronized swimming .
the buildings were n't damaged much during the battle of normandy as the german forces were defending caen at the same time .
the komodo dragon -lrb- varanus komodoensis -rrb- is a species of lizard that lives in the islands of komodo , rinca , flores , gili motang , and gili dasami , in central indonesia .
a punt is a flat boat with a broad front , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .
history in ancient times two groups of people lived near the sea - the minoans of crete , and the myceneans of the peloponnese .
howell county is a county located in the u.s. state of missouri .
the park has become a traditional place for mass demonstrations .
after that , security increased .
“ i ’ ve met a nice woman and she wants a baby too – so we shall see . ”
they are culturally related to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
in german , for example , 2.30pm is halb drei ( half of three ) and 21 is einundzwanzig ( one and twenty ) .
the french magazine closer was told to give digital files of the pictures to the couple within 24 hours .
allen is the oldest , her sister the second oldest .
when it has finished taking in air , the vent closes and , when the person dives , air is fed back through the mouthpiece .
paris fell ten places to 37th .
facebook earned $ 3.32 billion from advertising .
“ the activity in western australia is compounding the human tragedy of shark attacks .
the year is 1925 and downton abbey ’ s neighbours are selling their stately home .
when the island returned to spanish control , malabo was renamed santa isabel .
“ we ’ ve been surprised by what we ’ ve learned from objects that have been preserved by accident , ” he said .
greek visitors say they don ’ t have enough cash to come .
in this way , it is the same as between the qing / koxinga situation and the current prc / roc situation .
but , after the war had ended he became worried about the making and future use of atomic weapons and with the destruction forced on the world by war .
wilma may mean : wilma is a female first name originating as a short form of the german name wilhelmina .
“ it ’ s a tragedy .
familiar brands including trek , raleigh and specialized all offer electric bikes and they believe that the market is going to grow .
“ i nearly stopped completely , ” he said .
huffington describes her ideas about sleep as a “ revolution ” but , in fact , it ’ s a rebranding .
“ the main causes of disability are different from the ones that kill you , ” he said .
the us president said : “ madiba transformed south africa – and moved all of us. ” uk prime minister david cameron said : “ a great light has gone out in the world ” and he described mandela as “ a hero of our time ” .
she wrote 77 published works of which 58 were first published in the journal .
the two wavy lines above and below are for the two rivers which gave the district its name , the ruhr and the ennepe .
its use helped the golden age of latin literature — during the 1st century bc and the early 1st century ad — possibly extending to the silver age — broadly the 1st and 2nd centuries .
more importantly , he wants the scheme to help the people most in need .
she is the second american woman and the sixth woman worldwide to do a triple axel jump .
2 ethical hacker typical salary : a newly qualified hacker will usually have a minimum salary of £35,000 to £50,000 .
exmoor in south-west england became europe ’ s first international dark sky reserve – one level below dark sky park – in 2011 .
the european parliament have said that health warnings will cover nearly two-thirds of cigarette packs and there will be a ban on menthol cigarettes in the eu .
the man said his name was josé ivan .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .
eunomia has been seen occulting stars three times .
“ i try to help a young person who has been earning £300 a week illegally .
the area covered by the warning was also enlarged southwards as jose intensified , before being cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .
he learned from the english-born composer henry hugo pierson in stuttgart , and with william sterndale bennett and the pianist edward dannreuther in london .
“ this mission to mars could be the biggest media event in the world , ” said römer .
this is not surprising for this is a truly special place .
you can usually ride e-bicycles on bike lanes and they can ’ t travel faster than 20mph .
after the sharpeville massacre , in which 69 black protesters were shot dead by police , he took the difficult decision to begin an armed struggle .
but this did not make customers less angry .
lynch said : “ the department of justice really wants to end the corruption in the leadership of international football – not only because there is such a lot of corruption but also because the corruption is an insult to international principles. ” the acting fifa president , issa hayatou , refused to comment on the detail of the latest arrests .
regular season the boston bruins led the league in total points with 110 .
“ people send us pictures of them , ” said mclaughlin .
it is not surprising that there is disruption .
dhakal said that there was a similar survey in india and the results from both countries will be published later in 2013 .
instead of cutting the chest , like in a traditional autopsy , pathologists are now able to examine the dead body in 3-d via computer screens .
the report suggests three ideas .
he is considered to be the most important sculptor of the spanish renaissance , and is known for his emotive sculptures , which had religious meanings .
the list of fraudulent ingredients gets bigger : orange juice from cartons that was sold as freshly squeezed ; mont blanc desserts with korean chestnuts instead of the french ones on the menu ; shop-bought chocolate cream that the menu said was home-made ; imported beef sold as expensive wagyu beef .
it is the fastest growing metro area in the state of maryland and among the fastest growing in the united states .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances grant .
“ but we are disappointed with the decision not to regulate nicotine-containing products ( ncps ) , including e-cigarettes , as medicines .
it will be somewhere people can “ come in from the cold to a comfortable chair , a hot cup of tea , a book and a cat ” .
a regiment is a military unit , made up of a number of battalions , run by a colonel .
describing the average sleep loss per night for different age groups , he says : “ between 14 and 24 , people lose more than two hours .
so , why do people want to look at the night sky ?
the wait can take many months .
in the 1920s and early 1930s he often worked with the london symphony orchestra .
they reacted with joy when they heard , hugging , dancing and praying .
i can share it and i am doing so. ” kcho ’ s real name is alexis leiva machado .
the odyssey is an ancient greek epic poem by homer .
the three women formed a partnership to open the shop in 2010 .
as demand for coal fell after world war ii , mines began to close across the region , causing mass unemployment .
the method allows doctors to see deep inside dead bodies .
they can also buy black tea and coffee .
she is the daughter of asian singing star teresa carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .
“ the weather was hot and uncomfortable , but the humidity was quite low , so play could continue , ” tournament director wayne mckewen said .
in 2006 , three mexican fishermen were found drifting in a small boat near the marshall islands , nine months after setting out on a shark-fishing trip .
another surprise was that the man had blue eyes .
talking about the car , he said , “ you ’ re just sitting there ; no steering wheel , no pedals .
he joined the anc in 1943 .
the ad cost £1 million to make .
glastonbury festival wants to fight a war against plastic water bottles .
most of them did not enjoy the experience .
it is the only one in england .
the axe probably went several centimetres into his brain and , experts say , he would have been unconscious at once and dead very soon .
it ’ s whether you eat fruit and vegetables at all. ” shoppers say that healthy eating ( 55 % ) and avoiding chemicals ( 53 % ) are the main reasons they buy organic food .
“ i live in a 100 square-metre apartment in a good area about 20 minutes ’ walk from the city centre .
“ they will use the best technology in the world here , ” fernández said .
the worst case is saudi arabia , where people think only 28 % are overweight , when 71 % are .
calvinism was popular as well for some time in scandinavia , especially sweden , but was rejected in favor of lutheranism after the synod of uppsala in 1593 .
senior race engineers earn £50,000 to £90,000 .
modi and his bharatiya janata party won the indian election in 2014 .
according to gant , mendes is the best bond director .
the school icon is an eagle , which means courage and determination .
there are fewer western people than in the larger centers of abu dhabi and dubai .
this new film goes back to han solo and luke skywalker so it will reconnect with the first star wars film .
“ this will bring much happiness , ” she says .
it is very unfair that our tips are shared out , especially when one member of the team doesn ’ t work hard enough .
talking to your colleagues may seem like a waste of time but it can help to protect us from the emotional and psychological problems caused by working too hard .
michy is very good at keeping his club in the news .
although rick and vyvyan hate each other , this makes them all but inseparable ; the two spend more time together than apart , or with the other housemates .
local people have to make nine-hour round trips to the nearest big island to get cash .
upper body sleeveless shirt tank top a garment without sleeves that is similar to a t-shirt .
the chief medical officer for england compared the problem of antibiotic resistance to the risks of international terrorism .
anglo-saxon buildings in britain were generally simple , made from wood with thatch for roofing .
“ this needs to stop , which can only happen if we prove these 'tests ' do not work. ” allergies can cause tiredness , headaches and eczema in children .
“ if you fly a passenger aeroplane , often they will say , ‘ oh , a small part isn ’ t working ; we have to go back , ’ ” singh said .
one crater was more than six metres wide .
i hate to think that a drone might come down on a busy road. ” part of the solution , singh said , is planning for every situation : “ if things fail , the drone has to do something sensible . ”
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript user script that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia settings .
some academic journals do refer to wikipedia articles , but they do not do this the same way as traditional references .
an octopus has escaped from the national aquarium in new zealand .
the district was created on june 12 1994 by joining the old districts of pasewalk , ueckermünde and part of the district strasburg .
we will never forget what he has done for this club and for the game in general .
another octopus at the centre , ozymandias , broke a world record for opening a jar .
sudan has had his horn cut off to stop the poachers but he is still in danger .
danes are not having enough children and the current rate of 1.7 children per family means that the population is falling .
the way he cares for this club , his staff and for the football family in general is something that i admire .
in 2006 , i met sam amps , who was captain of the uk freedive team .
if it ’ s safe or not , i don ’ t know .
water scientists have given a very strong warning about the world ’ s food supplies .
she works as a medical receptionist nearby so she wants to stay in the area .
the effect is also called the hertz effect , the american journal of science .
during the winter , the nearby ski resorts were full of rich russians .
herring roe is sold in many british supermarkets but it is not very popular .
scientists have made an “ atlas of the brain ” .
but then , this is inky and he ’ s always been a bit of a surprise octopus. ” reiss jenkinson , a keeper at the national aquarium , said he was absolutely certain inky was not stolen .
“ we want to find a few photos to put with the bottle and give it a face , so visitors can see the young man who threw the bottle into the water , ” she said .
to discover the elements , researchers at the three labs crashed lighter nuclei into one another and looked for the radioactive decays that should come from the new elements .
by 2003 , the wi-fi alliance announced that wi-fi protected access -lrb- wpa -rrb- would replace wep , which was a subset of then upcoming 802.11i amendment .
david cameron , barack obama and pamela anderson have refused to do it .
bikes are in fashion but there is one problem : where to keep the bike safe ?
after 1,000 hours was released , the band changed their band name , sweet children , to green day , because there already was another band named sweet baby , that had a similar name .
he may be right .
“ a reality show and a talent show , with no ending and the whole world watching. ” mars one wants to build a permanent human colony , according to its website .
she didn ’ t know what to do. ” she met the other mother and now they go to joint counselling sessions , organized by the hospital .
people don ’ t mind if you say ‘ i am broke .
this is something for which we don ’ t have a treatment in autism , ” said pelphrey .
“ nine hundred million people already don ’ t have enough food and two million people are malnourished , even though we are producing more food , ” they said .
ninety-one per cent post a photo of themselves , 71 % post the city or town where they live , more than half give email addresses and a fifth give their phone number .
morocco is making plans with tunisia and they hope to export energy north across the mediterranean , too .
is this going to kill spotify ?
a new £14-million national landscape discovery centre will have an observatory when it is completed in a couple of years .
from 1911 on , rij-rousseau showed her works in salon d ' automne , salon des indépendants and salon tuileries .
kittinger held the record for the highest altitude manned balloon flight before baumgartner .
history the district was created in 1817 as bilsteiner kreis , in 1819 the capital was moved to olpe .
gao ping sold goods to 4,000 chinese markets in spain .
it is the fastest growing region in canada and it is expected to grow to more than 1.5 million people by 2031 .
this means that men get bonuses of £141,500 more than women over their working lives .
his enemies claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the rising .
that ’ s why the community doesn ’ t want it. ” thousands of people protested on perth ’ s cottesloe beach and sydney ’ s manly beach , as well as hundreds at glenelg , in south- west adelaide , and at beaches in victoria and queensland .
“ i thought she would ask me to go for a coffee with her .
the top referees of the future smile when you ask them this question .
a butler 's tray has a deeper surround , handles on the short sides -lrb- usually cut into the surround -rrb- so that it can be easily carried , and folding legs .
oxfam said world leaders should learn from countries such as brazil , which has grown quickly and reduced inequality at the same time .
he says that a mirror on a three-storey building could save 100mwh of electricity per year .
in some videos , the woman may demand that her " straight " husband or boyfriend do sex acts with the other man as " punishment " for cheating -lrb- see cuckold -rrb- .
a menu scandal at some of japan ’ s top hotels and department stores is damaging the international reputation of japanese food .
this could make social interactions easierfor them .
the second banksy that was going to be auctioned was a 2007 artwork called wet dog that was removed from a bethlehem wall .
jardin place jean bayol is a large plaza which has a statue of the first king of porto-novo .
he fell at speeds of up to 725 miles per hour , and he broke three world records .
the event was named malala day after the girl from mingora in pakistan .
carney and the artist tracey emin , who grew up in the town , made the announcement together .
president barack obama said , “ here in america , many of us will never forget her close friendship with president reagan. ” margaret thatcher was the first woman leader of an important western state .
uk uncut turned its attentions to starbucks after an investigation found that the company had paid only £8.6 million in corporation tax since opening its cafés in the uk in 1998 despite sales worth £3 billion .
who was the most loyal ?
she is also the first woman and the first italian-american to be the speaker of the house .
even in summer , the island has only three shops , two restaurants and not one official hotel .
the protected place of endymion at heraclea on the southern slope of latmus is a horseshoe-shaped room with an entrance hall and pillared front court .
he reserved a three-week holiday with his girlfriend but they split up and he was unable to change the name on the tickets .
but in some parts of the world , insects are an important food and in spring 2013 there will be an effort to show people that eating insects is not disgusting .
“ we know that natural sounds are very important to people .
the basic two designs for rtos are : event-driven -lrb- priority scheduling -rrb- designs : switch tasks only when an event of higher priority needs service , called pre-emptive priority .
hinterrhein is a district of the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
leifert and his colleagues conclude that many antioxidants reduce the risk of serious diseases , including diseases of the heart and certain cancers .
also , many of her songs have been featured in tv shows .
“ it would be difficult to make the kind of money that the report talks of. ” the wwf report says that ecosystems in the park could support fishing and ecotourism , and play an important role in providing water and stopping soil erosion .
susumu tonagawa , a scientist at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) , and his team wanted to study how these false memories form in the human brain .
other car makers , including volvo , ford and mercedes , are going to make vehicles that will be different from google ’ s version because they will have driver controls .
one study shows that white people sleep an average of 6.85 hours but african americans only sleep an average of 6.05 hours .
the participants will include 64-year-old modi , most of his government and celebrities .
the claimants ’ lawyer said : “ the british government has admitted that these three kenyans were brutally tortured but they have tried not to take any legal responsibility .
the us national academy of scientists said the same thing in 2003 .
“ ten years ago they said they would build a new highway here .
the most important thing is that the children really enjoy it .
she is the younger sister of pop singer britney spears .
to study today ’ s culture , future historians will have to read pdfs , word documents and hundreds of other file types , using special software and sometimes hardware , too .
we thought that antibiotics were something we could use forever .
the key , he said , is to remember that his relationship is with the boyfriend .
crowdfunding as an alternative to banks has grown , but , at the moment , big-bucks investors with lots of money are not very interested .
“ information that is collected under this program is some of the most important and valuable intelligence information we collect and we use it to protect our nation from a wide variety of threats . ”
tpl then sold a conservation access over the entire property to the state of florida , while polk county purchased the gardens portion of the property , less the development rights conveyed in the state agreement .
qualifications : you don ’ t need a degree in computer science .
with their wrinkly heads and small , round eyes , they remind lima residents of the poverty and filth in their city .
blood vessels and nerves go into the glands at the hilum and go out into the lobules .
with an area of 11,980 km ² and 1.3 million people , upper austria is the fourth-largest austrian state by land area and third-largest by population .
first , they want to know that this will stop people from smoking .
strangely , recent controversy has only made him more popular .
it has many science and technology related businesses , and has strong links with the nearby university of cambridge .
it is located in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
reality television is a genre of television programming which presents unscripted dramatic or humorous situations , document actual events , and have ordinary people instead of professional actors .
it was opened on 27 june , 1967 – a month before goodfellow ’ s atm appeared .
he found many asteroids , such as the notable trojan asteroids 617 patroclus and 624 hektor .
without that , although we are very clever animals , we would not control the planet. ” “ i don ’ t think these experiments will create very smart rats , ” he added .
here , powerful antibiotics are used very often .
it is a problem-solving strategy and relies on " appeals " rather than force .
when i became a doctor in the 1990s , i learnt about methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ) is a bacteria that is resistant to methicillin and all other penicillins .
in february 2006 , he was given a grammy lifetime achievement award .
also , a recent study suggested that it may seem there is a “ pause ” , but this is only because we did not have temperature readings from polar regions , where there is the most warming .
they are not like other children .
actors like fiennes will only be in a film if they like the director. ” the bond series was not in trouble before the arrival of mendes – and craig – but the films were becoming a bit boring towards the end of pierce brosnan ’ s time as bond .
brazil said other members of the amazon cooperation treaty support its views ( bolivia , colombia , ecuador , guyana , suriname and venezuela ) .
the ancient hebrew tribes considered it to be the duty of the individual and family to avenge evil in god 's name .
events known as the " year without a summer " in the northern hemisphere because of global cooling caused by the mount tambora volcanic eruption that happened in 1815 .
their grecian columns are cracking into pieces and mosaic-tiled swimming pools are filled with broken stones .
ben stein -lrb- november 25 , 1944 -rrb- is an american attorney , political consultant , writer , actor , comedian , and tv personality .
polly arnold , professor of chemistry at edinburgh university , said , “ this is very difficult and slow work .
the type of teff people eat is different , too : the rich eat the more expensive magna and white teff ; poorer people usually eat less-valuable red and mixed teff .
legacy of kings in february 1998 , they began recording legacy of kings .
“ many of the very wealthy – the 1 % of the 1 % – feel that their problems are really not problems .
so these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
the four new elements will be added to the periodic table .
honduras is a country in central america .
“ freddie mercury was our most powerful stage performer , the best live performer we ’ ve ever had. ” but there is no group to follow queen , he said .
it was found by david c. jewitt and g. edward danielson in voyager 2 probe photographs taken in 1979 and received the designation .
her family live in the slum and her parents need the money their sons make but they want their daughter to go to school .
a recent survey found that the percentage of adults who live at home was different in different parts of the country – it was less than 9 % in the east midlands and more than double that in london , where house prices and rents are highest .
many of britain ’ s most loved migratory birds rest here every year on their migrations from africa .
you could put the mirrors on top of shopping malls . ”
he was the first goaltender in the nhl to record an assist by passing the puck with his stick to a player on his team .
the group plans to send a lander and satellite to mars in 2018 , followed by a rover in 2020 and cargo missions starting in 2022 .
however , northumberland has competition .
their style is a mixture of celtic folk metal and melodic death metal .
but the emotional side of the job is still hard , ” he says .
just awesome. ” electrical engineer eivind toreid says “ it ’ s a funny thing .
in 1970 , eddy merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse but won the stage .
i asked cool to look forward and imagine what top climbers might do 60 years from now .
then , they travelled south to sydney .
nearly 32 million e-bikes were sold in 2014 , most of them in china , where people mostly use them for transportation .
latin-american teams have been very successful so far and , as most fans are from neighbouring countries , this has added to the carnival atmosphere .
“ here , lots of people live in a single room because they can ’ t pay the rent. ” lots of her friends can ’ t pay for heating or medicine and many would be hungry if they did not get food from the east hampton food pantry , she says .
but , it is not always easy to get enough sleep ; you have to go to bed in the right neighbourhood and in the right body .
kelly said the length of the mission was the most difficult thing .
these have stopped many criminals from reoffending .
he was the chief architect for the fisher building in detroit , michigan .
awake is a 2007 suspense movie written and directed by joby harold .
the real prize is finding a way that humans can work on less sleep .
before the experiment , all the students said they would pay to avoid mild electric shocks .
“ he ’ s a fantastic climber .
people have been hurt when they are not strapped in or falling luggage may hit them – but the plane is not going to fall out of the sky .
oen siew yock took over as principal in 2005 when ong was made to work at nan chiau high .
mountain climber , kenton cool , has just flown down from everest base camp to kathmandu , the capital of nepal .
they are a good thing when they allow us to communicate with friends and family far away but not when they replace face-to-face contact .
there ’ s a party atmosphere , ” said mcdowell .
there may also be claims from malaysia , where large numbers of people were put in prison during the 12-year war with communist fighters and their supporters that began in 1948 .
the canadian tennis player frank dancevic criticized the people who organize the australian open because they forced players to play tennis in terrible conditions .
and getting into the water was quite strange when you are used to trying to stay at the surface .
iguchi hopes that this is google ’ s weak point .
but , now the football has started , visiting supporters want to enjoy the experience .
it is not clear whether it is only a clump of dust , or if there is a solid small moon at its core .
sadomasochism : 12 % of women , and 22 % of men said they were sexually aroused by a sadomasochistic story .
the last western satrap , rudrasimha iii , is beaten by the guptas .
this book is out of print , but it was released again in a collection of short stories called the worthing saga in 1990 .
history the first mention of the town is from 1178 .
14 the wing myth for many years , we taught the wrong explanation for the way wings keep planes in the air .
the only known group resting place has only four bats .
it was 1795 before the british navy adopted lemon or lime juice as food for sailors .
he said he hoped the research would help health officials to prevent and track diseases .
surprisingly , people found it even more difficult and they cheated by getting up from their chair or checking their phones .
there were attempts to mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .
but 12 of 18 men gave themselves electric shocks and six of 24 women gave themselves electric shocks .
but it just upsets me and makes me angry that people can write those things .
it ’ s how children used to look , ” said wyllie .
on a winter night , she was alone while her son and his wife went to a basketball game .
that was 1977 but , in 2015 , just before its seventh film , interest in star wars is not slowing down .
this was a year of more creative success , with a good album , scary monsters ( and super creeps ) , and its hit single , ashes to ashes .
its official name is peso oro and its symbol is " $ " with rd in front of it -lrb- rd $ -rrb- to differentiate it from other pesos or dollars .
nine months and many operations later , she stood up at the united nations on her 16th birthday .
research in 2013 showed that only 5 % of the uk population can see more than 31 stars on a clear night .
but , behind all the jokes there is a very serious message .
andersen had the idea for an artwork he calls the solspeil , or sun mirror , at the end of september one year : “ every day , we took our young child for a walk , ” he says , “ and , every day , i realized we had to go a little further down the valley to find the sun. ” by 28 september , the sun completely disappears from rjukan ’ s market square .
however some lemurs have a toilet-claw .
the expected price was about $ 700,000 .
fire is a growing problem to towns and cities in america – in fact , forest fires cause the most damage after bad storms .
in 1876 , the committee changed its name to the " international committee of the red cross " -lrb- icrc -rrb- , which is still its official name today .
others have tried everything and , now , they want to go and gain work experience abroad ; life experience , too. ” so he decided to help people who want to gain experience abroad .
french wine was , of course , allowed and french-canadian singer céline dion , but not french bands such as daft punk , who sing in english .
“ the owners need to tell them to go and have a smoke but be respectful to their communities .
iguchi ’ s glasses aren ’ t really glasses – they are a piece of metal with a camera and a very small projector .
carbon dating showed the skeletons are around 7,000 years old , from the time before farming arrived in europe from the middle east .
south korea is a surprisingly low 67 in the ageing study , partly because it introduced a pension only recently .
the fourth and fifth numbers show people the number of the urban area -lrb- in a city without districts -rrb- or the district -lrb- in a city with districts -rrb- .
history the name glinde is found in a document from march 25 1229 for the first time .
with 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production stopped because of the depression , oil prices rose higher after days of increasing levels , and on september 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .
luxury hotels give people “ sleep retreats ” ; more than $ 1,000 gets you dinner and a movie about sleep .
the clouded salamander -lrb- hynobius nebulosus -rrb- is a type of salamander in the hynobiidae family of animals .
parents go and try to wake up teenagers who are waking up three hours too early .
as a result , many ordinary people in ex-communist countries still think of her as someone who supported their freedom .
already one billion people do not get enough food .
huffington does not say that sleep rests you ; she says it restores you .
for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but for the production of these goods , resources were needed , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .
seventh son -lrb- 1987 -rrb- is an alternate history fantasy book written by orson scott card .
it is often useful to avoid words with strong connotations -lrb- especially negative ones -rrb- when striving to achieve a neutral point of view .
after receiving suspended sentences several times for anti-government activities , yun retired from politics in 1980 and focused primarily on cultural activities until his death from diabetes and high blood pressure .
but , perhaps it ’ s also because we often hear numbers in a non-native language out of context .
it is five billion kilometres to pluto .
berzelius was born in linköping in östergötland in sweden .
we hope that now the uk will accept organic food like people in the rest of europe .
in 2004 , she wrote an autobiography , how to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale .
these antibodies are part of the body ’ s response to infections but “ the best medical evidence has shown high antibody levels do not suggest an allergy ” , the guide says .
mobile browsers are made to display web content in the best way for small screens on mobile devices .
how common it is business magazine estimates that 15 million functionally illiterate adults had a job in the united states at the start of the 21st century .
alamin , ten years old , used to work in a plastic factory .
at the 1985 live aid concert at wembley stadium , bowie was one of the best performers .
the image seems to show that humans are gentle – armed men guard sudan and stay with him .
alcazar have twice taken part in the melodifestivalen , the competition that selects sweden 's entry in the eurovision song contest .
carlsberg ’ s eve and copenhagen beers , foster ’ s radler and coors ’ s animée are some of the beers they tried to sell to women – they were lighter , flavoured beers – but they were unsuccessful .
ararat is considered the national symbol of armenia and so is of significant importance to the coat of arms .
but the possible future uses of the technology are much wider , said sandberg .
astronaut scott kelly has just spent 340 days in space .
pakistan 's founder muhammad ali jinnah and the former president of pakistan pervez musharraf had expressed a desire to develop pakistan on the turkish model of modernism and secularism .
he received a ph.d. in 1950 with a dissertation on non-cooperative games .
south india consists of the four southern indian states of andhra pradesh , karnataka , kerala and tamil nadu as well as the union territories of pondicherry and the lakshadweep archipelago .
people eat more of other vegetables such as cucumbers , courgettes , aubergines and mushrooms .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , in any way at all , can be responsible for your use of the information in or linked from these web pages .
the festspielhaus also has a double proscenium , which makes it look as if the stage is further away than it actually is .
early on saturday morning , he reached the summit of nuptse , the first of the three main summits in the everest “ horseshoe ” .
we still have some work to do , to tell others that they ’ ll enjoy it. ” the shop can certainly make dreams come true .
on the top of a hill , above northumberland ’ s beautiful kielder water lake , a group of people are waiting in a car park next to a strange wooden building .
it will be very important for streaming to have exclusive rights to big albums .
apple had a story with the ipod – 1,000 songs in your pocket .
the police lost control outside the stadium , where 24,000 liverpool fans had to go through just 23 small entrance gates .
the poll shows that 17 % of employers in the private sector use zero-hours contracts , lower than the 34 % of organizations in the voluntary sector and 24 % in the public sector .
the card for the event has two main events .
but , for agios efstratios , it is a much bigger problem .
he wears his tracker and flies above the city , where he finds secret or hidden dumps .
” the world ’ s average air temperatures have increased quite slowly since a high point in 1998 , which the ocean phenomenon el niño caused .
the district was created in 1994 by joining the two previous districts riesa and großenhain .
but that all changed with the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars later that year .
athletic teams at the school are known as eagles .
if she looks like the type of person who wants to buy socks , they will show her adverts for socks .
jönköping is the 9th biggest city in sweden .
it is on the cover of the march 2009 edition of hot rod deluxe , a " retro " version of hot rod magazine .
the film has been shown in many countries , including the us , uk and several african states .
and , if you ’ re staying home , you can improve your bedroom with a mattress cover with a sensor that monitors your sleep ( $ 249 ) or a sleeping mask that monitors your brainwaves and lets you sleep more efficiently ( $ 299 ) .
this is the start of the nara period -lrb- 710-794 -rrb- .
the taiwan strait or formosa strait is a 180km-wide strait between mainland china and the island of taiwan .
the decision to ban coca chewing was based on a 1950 report .
“ my generation has never experienced this , ” said thiago firbida , a student .
the st andrew , also called the badge-appendant , is worn hanging from the collar .
it is found in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur in the alpes-maritimes department in the south of france .
that is a 35-year increase in the average age of death in forty years .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
“ the shop is uniting people here , ” kalisa migendo , a 24-year-old student , says .
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in the philippines , the educational reforms introduced after independence in 1946 have helped older people – elementary and high school education became compulsory .
eleven current and former fifa executives have now been charged in the investigation , which alleges $ 200m in bribes , mainly from tv and marketing contracts but also fifa ’ s development programmes .
ross anderson , one of the research team , said : “ guilty people fidget more and we can now measure this. ” the polygraph was created in 1921 by policeman john larson .
some peoples living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food .
wecyclers makes it possible for poor communities to make money from the waste from their streets .
he was on holiday in germany the next summer when world war i broke out .
china is the biggest coal importer , and indonesia is the biggest coal exporter .
“ it ’ s their job to collect the rubbish and to try and change the habits of their residents . ”
in 1963 another part was added , that went north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
some people had to bring the wallet to a lost-and-found box .
the monastery was all rebuilt by lord smbat of the house of orbelian , a branch of the liparitids who were removed to armenia in the late 12th century from georgia .
duncan wise , visitor development officer for the northumberland national park , helped to lead the campaign for dark-sky status .
at st ninian ’ s , teachers take their pupils out of lessons to the school ’ s playing field for their daily mile at a time that suits that day ’ s timetable .
he saw that short bursts of very hard exercise were as effective as hours of normal exercise .
to succeed as a social engineer , you need … to be a good liar .
a very tall wall , taller than that ceiling. ” this might not sound possible but these ideas have possibly destroyed the campaign hopes of jeb bush , who wants immigration reform .
elizabeth ann smart -lrb- born november 3 , 1987 -rrb- is a young american woman who was kidnapped from her home in salt lake city , utah on june 5 , 2002 .
pandas are cute and tigers are beautiful but other animals are more useful – it ’ s worms that turn our waste into nutrients and bats that catch mosquitoes and keep malaria rates down .
grosse ile township is a town in wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan .
the coroner decided not to take evidence of what happened after 3.15pm on the day of the disaster , so he did not look at the chaotic behaviour of the police and the ambulance service .
before the 2002 election fc bayern 's manager uli hoeneß said he supported stoiber and the csu .
in june , a local islamic group wrote a “ dress code ” for foreign tourists .
brazilians are usually too nice ; they enjoy partying , not protesting , but something is changing , ” said deli borsar , a 53-year-old yoga teacher .
but it ’ s the creatures that help us the most that are worrying many scientists .
they ’ re common in the netherlands and switzerland ; german postal workers use them and bmw sells one for about $ 3,000 .
the fatimids were famous for religious tolerance towards non-ismaili sects of islam as well as towards jews , maltese christians and coptic christians , but there were some exceptions nevertheless .
organizers have also asked glastonbury festival-goers to travel to the site on public transport or to share a car with friends .
that really annoyed me and i complained about it. ” shepherd-barron is dead now but , in a 2005 interview , he criticized goodfellow .
i shouted for help and a man put his arm in and pulled me out of the water .
they should ignore the complaints from car makers , who say that the rules are too tough. ” according to research by the international council on clean transportation in 2014 , actual nitrogen oxide emissions from cars are seven times higher than the 80mg per kilometre standard and some cars are 22 times above the recommended limit .
europe is trying to reduce air pollution .
the moon has been given the provisional designation s / 2003 -lrb- 130 -rrb- 1 .
“ without tourism , our economy will be in chaos , ” he said .
the campaign features the oasis track half the world away sung by norwegian singer aurora .
united states reconnaissance saw the missile bases being built in cuba .
these give very good conditons for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull to live in .
one terrible injury was certainly after death and could not have happened when his lower body was protected by armour .
just after i got into the water , dusty left the woman she was with and went crazy – i found out afterwards that she ’ s very territorial when she is with somebody .
in 1941 the commander of the ss , heinrich himmler , said that more waffen-ss verfügungstruppe units would be made from non-german foreign nationals .
a dogfight is a close air fight between fighter airplanes .
election the president of the bundesrat usually is elected on the 1 november in one year , and serves until the 31 october in the next year .
it shows a move towards healthier food in recent years – people have changed to low-calorie soft drinks , from whole to skimmed milk and they eat more fresh fruit .
i look silly when i ’ m crawling on the ground chasing an eel across the grass. ” worst part of the job : “ eels are really difficult animals to work with ” says mowat .
“ back home in england , every pub i knew closed because of the smoking ban , ” remembers timms of england ’ s ban , which began in 2007 .
neil timms owns an english pub and saw a smoking ban before , in england .
“ it ’ s been an amazing magic carpet ride for all of us , ” she said .
these doppelgängers are usually , but not always , bad in some way .
this is now a war .
dijon is the capital city in the province burgundy .
in 2009 , king received a grammy award , for best traditional blues album , for one kind favor .
so , in the future , google might send equipment to the area and ask volunteers to complete the map .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia and / or sudden cardiac death .
even if there was a gun in my hand and he stood in front of me , i would not shoot him. ” “ the extremists are afraid of books and pens , ” the teenager continued .
i get on well with the lads and i enjoy my job .
in 1998 , he acted with uma thurman in the off-broadway production of the misanthrope .
in the last month , the world ’ s largest social network lost 6 million us visitors , a 4 % fall .
the title comes from a piece of music by japanese composer toru takemitsu .
in 1954 , annan attended mfantsipim school , an elite methodist boarding school in central ghana established under british rule .
the long-term answer in california ’ s desert is for people to leave some cities .
he has promised to settle down with his girlfriend , and fly helicopters on rescue missions in the us and austria .
the ways in which children contact each other are very different from older generations .
half of the people were told to tell the truth and half to lie .
1 mib = 220 bytes = 1,048,576 bytes = 1,024 kibibytes the mebibyte is closely related to the megabyte -lrb- mb -rrb- .
and they probably don ’ t know that the springy rubber surface powers the streetlights above .
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to the people he ruled and is killed in the fight .
sportswear is clothing , including footwear , worn for playing sports or to exercise .
oberg said he was confused by the drop in numbers , but hoped that the reason was to do with how his prisons are managed .
he said it was a time of great change , with 9/11 , 7/7 , and with so much information and bad news , for example on twitter .
most irc servers do not require users to log in , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
the romans built an amphitheatre that is still seen in the piazza dell ' anfiteatro .
maybe there will be things that the map doesn ’ t know about .
“ it means that investigations can be re-examined and we can try again to find the murderer , ” he said .
the name of the mountain comes from the german words matte , meaning valley or meadow , and horn , which means peak .
there were no deaths .
if you see a dangerous animal coming towards you with big teeth , it ’ s scary , but dolphins have this lovely , wide smile .
it included the single where are we now ?
“ you get used to the job being disgusting .
about 30,000 people moved to the goldfields , but by 1863 this had dropped to about 3,500 because mining the gold was too hard .
prussia , imperial russia and habsburg monarchy divided the lands of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth among themselves .
“ schools should teach navigation and map reading , ” he wrote .
“ sometimes , i am shocked by things that people say .
stocking said that world leaders should agree to reduce inequality to the levels seen in 1990 .
he spoke about the frustrations of being a royal who doesn ’ t want a lot of public attention .
“ droppings ! ” he says happily .
pittsburg is a city in the american state of texas .
surfers fear that new buildings in valdevaqueros would make the famous local wind less strong but would not attract people who want a traditional beach holiday .
this may change because tabata says there will soon be tabata instructors and a series of dvds at the end of the year .
rollins retired in 1962 and decided to become a coach .
they can be told apart from butterflies in several ways .
£2.125 billion was spent on investments .
those documents are kept secret for 40 years , and then opened to the public .
they are “ scum houses ” not scum villages , says boer , “ because we don ’ t want to put more than one of these families in the same area ” .
it is made by antix productions , and is led by yvette fielding and her husband karl beattie .
one candidate was elected : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat .
but frederic thut , the owner of the fine arts auction miami art house said that slave labour and a second work by the secretive british street artist were removed from sale at the auction .
but most people hate them and often kill them .
when one speaks of analog one often means an electrical context , however mechanical , pneumatic , hydraulic , and other systems may also convey analog signals .
unemployment was at 17.7 % in the second quarter of 2014 , according to italy ’ s national institute of statistics .
the department of health and e-cigarette companies in britain want to find out exactly what this means – for example , will e-cigarette companies be banned from advertising at sports events ?
the word comes from ' pahar ' meaning mountain .
in 1845 it became the 28th state in the union .
this has the advantage of better spatial resolution without singularities -lrb- i.e. the poles -rrb- at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty .
it wants to make workers take at least five days ’ paid holiday a year .
on sunday , august 28 , canadian national railway -lrb- cn -rrb- stopped all rail traffic on its lines south of mccomb , mississippi , -lrb- lines owned by its subsidiary illinois central railroad that extend into new orleans -rrb- , expectating damage from the hurricane .
throwing a pie in a person 's face has been a staple of film comedy since the early days of the movies , and is often associated with clowns in popular culture .
economy up to the 1900s , nidwalden was taken over by agriculture .
witnessing the murder of his colleague owen , jack shoots his killer in the forehead , killing him in an act of quick revenge .
it is at 29th place in the table , ahead of older global companies such as volkswagen , kellogg ’ s and ford .
west suggested that politicians should see e-cigarettes as something that helps people stop smoking .
in another interview , he criticized the media , especially the sun , the daily mail and the daily telegraph .
pueblo are a group of native americans that live in the southwestern part of the united states .
now an international team of scientists say they have found evidence that chimpanzees and orangutans are less happy in their middle years .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , use central western standard time .
the spot was seen at different times with different sizes and shapes .
he is a member of institute for european history in mainz , a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
but it also did well in areas that people said might go to the yes campaign , including the western isles .
a favourite place was prague , axani said , where they met more people than anywhere else on the trip .
the area was the home of the soan culture -lrb- a stone age culture -rrb- , and there are many fossils , tools , coins , and remains of ancient archaeological sites .
tyler went to the congressional school of virginia , breakwater elementary and wayneflete schools -lrb- in portland , maine -rrb- before returning to new york city with her mother at the age of twelve .
like bbm , all of these services are free for any phone with an internet connection .
the musicians are hutu and tutsi women .
if you pick something up , a camera will make sure you don ’ t put it into your bag .
“ we ’ ve also looked at other causes of the pay gap , such as having to juggle work and family. ” large companies such as tesco , bt , unilever and the international law firm eversheds are some of the companies that have signed up to think , act , report .
in week 16 , leinart had a shoulder injury against the san francisco 49ers , so warner was able to play for the first time since week 4 .
he was known as “ the beale street blues boy ” but this was shortened to “ blues boy king ” and then to “ bb ” .
she spent months in a wheelchair and kept singing to pay her hospital bills .
she has written more than one hundred books .
to sponsor something is to support an event , activity , person , or organization with money or giving something else useful .
in the csc report , a survey showed that 72 % of people aged 55 or more said they were very uncomfortable with these types of technologies in real shops .
the census bureau 's legal authority is listed in title 13 of the united states code .
kevin clelland , a primary school teacher from leeds , visited st ninian ’ s .
the company teaches dolphins and killer whales to do tricks in front of large crowds of people .
they lived in an area which is now the cities of norfolk , portsmouth , chesapeake and virginia beach .
air india , the national airline , has also said it will introduce yoga for trainee pilots .
it is commonly believed that malaria kills mostly children under five .
in 1265 , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester called the first elected parliament .
before , the language was written in míkmaq hieroglyphic writing , a script of partially-native origin .
“ it is a worker ’ s right to take paid vacations , ” wakebe said .
but that ’ s exactly what kiruna , an arctic town in northern sweden , has to do .
it doesn ’ t monitor movements in the face , talking too much or waving arms – all signs that someone is lying .
dalton ’ s two films , the living daylights and licence to kill , were during a period in the late 80s when more aggressive hollywood action movies were more popular .
what am i going to do for the winter ? ’ ” vallone says , “ i want to work but there ’ s no work. ” vallone works cleaning swimming pools .
lots of tourists come to doñana because of the birdlife .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to see cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
“ most of them are very good people .
britons think it is 44 % , when actually 62 % are overweight .
the apostles ' creed , as well as other creeds , was made to be like an example of the apostles ' teachings , and to defend the gospel of christ .
in 2014 , uk adults ate an average of 157g of fruit per day .
according to a new survey , there are more tigers in nepal than at any time since the 1970s .
kevin ferguson also known as kimbo slice -lrb- born on february 8 , 1974 -rrb- is a american mixed martial arts fighter .
we can have clean air without noise problems – i think it ’ s about communication and creating partnerships between the communities and the businesses. ” many people were worried that the police would not have time to give bars warnings and fines .
galindo says it is unfair to migrant workers who came to spain when the economy was good .
some experts believe there is a link between dyscalculia – the difﬁculty in understanding arithmetic – and problems learning foreign languages , particularly if you learn languages by rote .
but he could not afford meat and fish – expensive , luxury products in liberian markets but essential sources of protein .
special arteries connect between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the flow of blood through the capillaries .
if the chain values its staff , it should pay them the total tips from customers , ” said chantal chegrinec of unite .
the house has never been rebuilt but they have found shakespeare ’ s kitchen in the cellars .
there is probably going to be a revolution and apple is trying to make sure it has the support of artists .
jewelers often refer to their craft as metalsmithing , and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing , jewelry and blacksmithing as part of their fine arts programs .
but , in my experience , most prisoners want to change and we must do what we can to help them . ”
this has not yet been completed , and dar es salaam is still tanzania 's primary city .
“ i polish too much .
in 2014 , bowie was given the brit award for best british male – he was the oldest person to get the award .
the researchers were surprised by what people would do to avoid the task .
the court decision may also make it possible for victims in other parts of the world to sue .
he was a very good tackler and it was nearly impossible to fool him on trick plays .
when water evaporates from the oceans , the vapour can rise over nine miles to form rain clouds that reﬂect sunlight ; or , it may rise just a few miles and fall slowly back down without forming clouds .
everything in moderation is my motto. ” earlier in 2013 , allen was watching the news and saw a woman get the british empire medal .
it ’ s fabulous for us to get this windfall .
i respect her .
samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not stay together in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were in contact with americans on a daily basis .
“ but workers in japan have to do a lot of extra work for no money. ” workers are scared that their colleagues will think they are not working hard enough .
in the report , the charity asks world leaders to end income extremes and reduce inequality .
in the final part of the experiment , the team put the mice back in the first box .
he did not want to give the name of the seller .
but , now , researchers in britain and the netherlands have developed a new method , which is correct ( in tests ) over 70 % of the time .
one group of students did an hour of cardiovascular exercise on an exercise bike five times a week .
it encourages the return of wild landscape and extinct species .
ann francke , the cmi ’ s chief executive , said that there should be more flexibility and less masculine cultures , and that the good work people do should be more important than how much time they spend in the office .
star wars is the ultimate movie franchise . ”
over 90 % of the time they spend using devices is spent sending messages : chatting on social networks like facebook , sending instant messages through services like whatsapp or even sending traditional mobile-phone text messages .
it was an unlucky coincidence that the ice bucket challenge was happening during world water week , when people from all over the world met in stockholm to discuss the planet ’ s water crisis .
they have earned more than $ 6 billion at cinemas around the world .
you should also enjoy solving difficult problems .
it ’ s fantastic to see ideas like the daily mile .
although the name notes that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some of the bernese alps are found in the cantons of vaud , fribourg , valais , lucerne , uri , and nidwalden .
the registry does not recognize the name of harriet ’ s 12-year-old brother duncan either , so , until now , the two children have travelled on passports with the names stúlka and drengur cardew , which mean girl and boy cardew .
the jump was on a sunny morning in good weather .
zoutleeuw is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
the problem is not technology – the problem is that there is no law that says that planes must send this information .
by 14 , archbishop desmond tutu , suggested her for the international children ’ s peace prize , and , by 15 , she became the youngest nobel peace prize nominee in history .
the des uses a 56-bit key , meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted .
the meps voted to put health warnings on 65 % of each cigarette pack .
but the president made clear that he did not expect another serious budget fight and shutdown in 2014 .
this chinese businessman had many companies and a large villa in madrid .
professor sajiv singh , who works for delivery company nearearth , said that flying drones is quite simple – you just give it some basic instructions : go to this height , do this short task , go back home .
there were 1.3 million households worth $ 5 million and 142,000 worth $ 25 million or more .
traffic congestion is improving in other ways , too .
in 2014 , the health charity action on smoking and health published ﬁgures that showed that the number of british users of electronic cigarettes has increased three times from 700,000 users in 2012 to 2.1 million in 2014 .
this will manifest in either skin problems , or some diseases of the nervous system , or both .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
during and after the thirty years ' war , soest lossed a lot of people and influence ; at the lowest point in 1756 it had only 3,600 citizens .
inventing new technology helps but it is only part of the solution .
“ these people don ’ t know what a queue is. ” ball had not heard of the black friday sales , which come from the us , until now .
human beings – we always kill the things we love .
about a third of facebook users post about politics and government .
it shows that we have a chance of civilization in a hundred years , ” said mitchell .
word processing templates give the ability to bypass the original setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .
“ so it seems moocs do not make higher education available to people who couldn ’ t go into higher education before. ” “ learning online is a different thing and needs quite advanced learning skills , ” says david kernohan , an expert in digital technology .
it is on an old walking track which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
fishes that can generate such fields are said to be electrogenic , those that can detect them are called electroreceptive .
sales have fallen every month for 12 months in the us .
and limal has finally found love .
she added that , all over the world , it has become normal to support cultural and indigenous rights , so we should support bolivia ’ s efforts .
thinner is a book written in 1984 by stephen king , under the name richard bachman .
lenzburg became the economic center of the area in the 19th century .
“ i found out this morning when i came to the club , ” he said .
hannah , a 41-year-old lawyer , has made nearly 500 visits or the mystery dining company in her spare time without receiving pay or travel expenses .
scientists have put a false memory in the brains of mice in an experiment .
out of 16,421 girls in the casting , she was chosen among 14 other girls to be on the tv show .
he is a member of the austrian writers ' associations grazer autorenversammlung -lrb- gav -rrb- see the members ' list of gav , entry about klaus ebner .
“ we already have most of the technology we need , ” said huber .
the journalist was shocked to find out at the start of the experiment that only 4.5 % of the things in his flat were made in france .
biology is important but it is not the only important thing. ” it is not the ﬁrst time babies have been switched by mistake in south africa .
but , she went to a sohay centre and she now goes to school .
remember how you felt after doing a 100m sprint at school ?
a british court has decided that three old kenyans , who were put in prison and tortured during the fighting in kenya in the 1950s , can sue the british government .
mystery shoppers pretend to be a customer in a store but they are really collecting information on the store and how good or bad its service is.the demand for mystery shoppers is growing because online shopping is becoming more popular .
one has already met the kenyan claimants ’ lawyers .
a new ec tobacco directive becomes law in 2016 .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that the child knows , trusts , and cares about .
98 % of the university 's class of 2006 had a high school gpa of 3.0 and higher , while the middle 50 % of the class had a high school gpa of 3.60 to 3.90 .
samuel is one of the project ’ s ten black vultures that are looking for rubbish .
it is located near the city of lille and is close to the belgian border .
“ for example , we found that a boy born in november can run at least 10 % faster , jump 12 % higher and is 15 % more powerful than a child of the same age born in april .
they discover that the wardrobe in their grandfathers house leads to the magical land of narnia .
the number of part-time students has reduced as the cost of studying at university increases , so could open and free courses provide a new path to university education ?
so far in 2012 , almost one million people have visited the area – this includes more than 23,000 from outside india .
older people in sri lanka today have good basic education and health care – those countries decided to help older people .
i have something that is great and powerful .
his mother was a jazz singer , his father a band director at yale , and his brother is a composer / arranger and sister a violinist .
it also has fewer toxic metals and pesticides .
there ’ s already a website with pictures of people wearing them – the people look ridiculous or smug or , more often , both .
riley b king was born in mississippi , the son of african-american farm workers .
and steve jobs was inspired by akio morita , the co-founder of sony , and he inspired me , so maybe it will come in a circle. ” like steve jobs , iguchi is a confident man , but his strong japanese accent makes it difficult to understand him .
at the moment , the warnings cover at least 30 % on the front and 40 % on the back .
it consists of seven or eight stages , and was first held in 1928 .
he learnt a lot in the years when he was taking loans out dishonestly , so he can show the banks how they can improve things for people in general and for bank workers .
he added that memory researchers have always known that memory does not work like a video camera , recording all the details of anything we experience .
he even asked a french language expert to check if he should use the word “ cool ” and other english words – the expert told him swap it for the nearest french alternative : “ chouette ” .
hurricane wilma was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the atlantic ocean .
the us , the world ’ s richest country , is only in eighth place , and the uk is in 13th place .
we will deliver stronger powers for a stronger scottish parliament , a strong scotland. ” but he said that would go beyond scotland .
the series was first shown on august 20 , 2007 on nick jr. and began being shown february 23 , 2008 on noggin .
the front then died out , but it left behind two areas of low pressure .
the name perth has been used for a number of other towns and cities across the world .
most protesters were young and , for many , it was their first experience of such a giant rally .
one thing that has kept reoffending down and the number of prisoners in sweden below 70 per 100,000 people is that anyone under 15 can not be responsible for their crime .
professor robert west , who collected the data for the toolkit , described the fi gures as statistically important .
three cameras , which were attached to baumgartner ’ s suit , recorded his free-fall of just over four minutes and then the parachute opening .
thousands of tigers used to lived in the forests in bangladesh , india and nepal .
the earth 's core is partially liquid , while the cores of mars and venus are thought to be completely solid , because the cores do not make a magnetic field .
it is made up of the royal australian navy , the australian army , the royal australian air force and a number of joint groups .
they found out 82 % of people ’ s names .
but google , in the us , shocked the car and taxi industries when it unveiled the latest version of its driverless car .
1700 to 1900 by the early seventeenth century there was a lot of small brick and tile making companies and during this time pieces of common land were given for house building and small businesses .
in rich countries , there are low levels of “ food loss ” but high levels of “ food waste ” , which means people throw away food because they have bought too much or shops reject food because it doesn ’ t look good .
“ the cuts are a huge mistake , ” said poulopoulos .
this has made coal more attractive , even in europe .
they now play in the eastern division of the national conference .
so many people have said to me that they used to do secret colouring in when their kids were in bed .
sometimes , waiters need a good night to be able to pay their rent .
the story of tristan and isolde was one of the great romances of the middle ages and the renaissance .
selling out is seen as getting success at the cost of credibility .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
one-third of people who want to quit smoking use e-cigarettes .
he became famous internationally for his painting , sculpture and drawings when he won the grand prize at a festival in south korea .
it has a population of 153,379 and is only four feet above sea level .
it also tries to find out how happy they feel about using them .
many people love her because she is a pop idol with a strong message and some good pop songs .
veirs said scientists already knew about the effect of underwater noise on large whales .
the national capital region has an area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of ontario and quebec .
but , when he looked at the photos later , they were brown and murky .
but the study says that numbers of large predators are stable or rising in europe .
an open proxy is a proxy server which any internet user can use .
the convent has been the home of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .
there are now about 1,500 wolves in poland .
south american indians have chewed coca leaves for hundreds of years .
“ one wolf walked to the netherlands , where it was hit by a car .
“ i also love knowing that , at times , thousands of people are buying the product that i have just presented . ”
buildings warm up in different ways .
he added that the new method was very helpful in re-examining cases where the cause of death was unclear .
“ this study shows that history is important , ” said mark gorman , director of helpage international .
qualifications : you don ’ t need any qualifications but you can do a special course .
we have found new , more resistant bacteria .
to help continue services after the storm passes , cn also issued an embargo with the association of american railroads against all deliveries to points south of osyka , mississippi .
in april , there will be a festival in london , pestival 2013 , where there will be a discussion about the question of eating insects .
“ the study suggests that oxytocin might treat basic social motivation .
tarvos or saturn xxi is a non-spherical moon of saturn .
to the south of sonoma county is marin county , to the north is mendocino county , to the east is napa county , and to the northeast is lake county .
then , doctors told me i had post- traumatic stress .
stallone also had a small appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
so far , the company has refunded 20 million yen to more than 10,000 consumers .
so we ’ re going to focus on changing starbucks into the services that the government are cutting , for example refuges and crèches .
when google made maps of other parts of the world it used a special camera on a car roof .
boxing , sport wrestling , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports .
the girlfriends of these men get presents from sullivan .
at first the aroma is applelike and pleasant but it becomes peculiarly musky as the fruit ages .
these books follow the stories of tamara and william swift , characters from the bbc computer animated web movie ghosts of albion : legacy .
the atlas shows how words and related terms use the same regions of the brain .
for me , it was very relaxing .
after a version of a software package has remained in unstable for a certain length of time -lrb- depending on how urgent the changes are -rrb- , that package is automatically moved to the testing distribution .
stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be made more modern .
the animals felt the most unhappy , on average , at 28.3 and 27.2 years old for the chimpanzees , and 35.4 years old for the orangutans .
and , the security here is too good for anyone to take inky and why would they ? ” because octopuses have no bones , they can fit into very small spaces and can squeeze through gaps the size of coins .
“ there are more students in vienna than any other german-speaking city , ” said hartlauer .
jörg heinrich -lrb- born 6 december , 1969 -rrb- is a former german football player .
rising human populations and use of resources have made many people believe that these animals could soon become extinct .
they discovered that one man had a gun and that another man had a heart problem .
“ with moocs , there ’ s very little support : the student does not get any individual attention. ” students get support from other students in online discussions .
the next is europe , where people throw away about 31 % of all the food they buy .
however , during his third match , miller broke his shoulder in a fall .
medical diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms , having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with the ground , toys , sidewalks , dog parks .
the songs were written by composers such as paul wong and eric kwok and were recorded in hong kong .
there is a similar system at london ’ s heathrow airport .
reports on russian state television and in local media suggested that the russian military blew apart the meteorite .
“ we were all … ” – sanchéz barba couldn ’ t find the word .
my father ’ s always trying to tell me about who i am and things like that .
after this , he played the title role in the elephant man on the broadway stage .
30 seconds to mars has won three awards from six nominations .
in 1919 , all of the major pro-independence groups formed the provisional government in shanghai .
the show followed the lives of a group of teenagers living in the upscale , star-studded community of beverly hills , california and attending the fictitious west beverly hills high school and then-fictitious california university .
for sullivan , the surprise was the real relationships that he has formed with his clients .
it sold well but it was in 2014 that adult colouring books became really popular with art therapy .
these flies have black or pale -lrb- white or golden -rrb- hairs , and their bodies are either black or metallic green or blue .
paris was just above london in 39th place .
in china , the top 10 % now earn nearly 60 % of the income .
he wrote many books like peace , a lyric poem -lrb- 1814 -rrb- ; resignation -lrb- 1817 -rrb- ; the triumph of christianity -lrb- 1819 -rrb- ; and the soldier 's friend -lrb- 1828 -rrb- .
the company really wants the next film to be successful so it is using the same people that worked on skyfall in the new film .
the marxists internet archive -lrb- also known as mia or marxists.org -rrb- is a volunteer based non-profit organization that has an internet archive of marxist writers and other similar authors -lrb- socialists , etc . -rrb- on their website .
singh , a 42-year-old salesman , and his friends are not alone .
neither of the two describes god as appearing in three modes .
he said : “ i wrote a work of fiction .
but only 51 % of 16-24 year olds said they were uncomfortable .
but pelphrey said oxytocin might help the brain learn from social interactions ; it would work best when used together with therapies that encourage people with autism to interact more socially , he said .
the low slowly became better organized and was thought to have turned into a tropical depression the next morning while it was 50 mi -lrb- 80 km -rrb- northeast of the nicaragua / honduras border .
his travel writings and his diaries and letters have also been published .
most tourists want to see the animals but wolves stay away from humans .
it will limit the amount of nicotine in e-cigarettes to below their current levels .
the mirror is made from several layers of very thin materials .
google said : “ google cares very much about the security of our users ’ data .
“ i got two coffee makers , two tablets , two tvs and a stereo , ” he said .
they are rebuilding his old school room and will open it as a visitor attraction .
moenjodaro is found 7 km away in east-south of the dokri town .
my goal is to bring together people who really want a family and a partner – and who ’ ll stay together .
most customers then paid the tip in cash .
a poor farmer , he grew vegetables and bought rice .
other people who sell bikes agree .
he concludes : “ if we want to enjoy the work that someone does , we should pay for it. ” “ existing copyright laws don ’ t work in the digital age and they criminalize consumers .
he has also appeared in many popular television dramas such as the lakes , state of play and two bafta award-winning serials ; clocking off and sex traffic .
their eyes are quite small , and they do not see very well .
interestingly , the brain atlases were similar for all the people in the experiment .
30 % of winners employed a cleaner and 24 % a gardener for their new houses .
uk sport could not say if a majority of the 1,300 athletes it gives money to were born in november and october .
but it would reduce the amount of electricity that businesses use .
oil would not create many jobs , and many more people would come looking for work , lumbuenamo said .
under iupac rules , new elements can be named after mythological concepts , minerals , a place or country , or a scientist .
“ we want to be as environmentally friendly as we can , ” said smith .
cloud nine is the very big cumulonimbus , so to be “ on cloud nine ” means that you are on top of the world or very , very happy .
“ it is scary to see the thin atmosphere , together with large areas of pollution. ” he said he could see large areas of pollution : smoke clouds from wildfires cover parts of the us , parts of asia have pollution nearly all year .
we can thank public health systems , vaccination and antibiotics for this .
but e-bike technology , particularly the batteries , is improving .
but e-cigarettes seem to be most popular with adults who want to quit .
“ it ’ s only possible if you are determined and if you pay for it , ” kcho told the associated press .
he helped opera singers to learn their music , and became assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival .
and so , like many others in silicon valley , the 27-year-old has started a business : betterboyfriend.me , a service that sends girlfriends and wives a present every month for about $ 70 .
one company , hoxton analytics , has developed a technology that puts people into categories based on the shoes they are wearing .
too many families return to poverty when they have personal or bigger problems .
dávila agrees .
however , they had not received the shock in the first box and had no reason to be afraid .
barber , c.l. “ shakespearian comedy in the comedy of errors , ” college english 25.7 -lrb- 1964 -rrb- , pp .
no one will see this novel until 2114 .
bedroom bondage games often use foreplay .
members of the muslim council of wales and the south wales jewish representative council are not happy , while the archbishop of wales , barry morgan , said that “ donation ought to be a gift of love , of generosity .
they say it is a possible treatment for the social problems caused by autism because it plays an important role in bonding and trust .
because the storm formed at 36 ° n , this system is the northernmost formation in the eastern north pacific basin .
scientists have designed a mirror that sends heat into cold space .
john lewis will also encourage staff and customers to care for elderly people who might be alone over the holiday .
also , many subscribers have streaming as part of a mobile phone package so nobody knows if they use the service or not .
this is creating a bowl .
“ many people in the community work on the farm , ” said sheehy , “ and what they get in return is fish .
“ a man came to my door and told me he had post from my grandfather .
the data available is extraordinary .
it was designed by the greek architects satyrus and pythius .
this is not a treatment yet .
more employees are falling ill from stress or even dying through overwork .
“ real driving emissions is a totally new regulation that will force significant changes , ” said cara mclaughlin , a spokesperson for the european automobile manufacturers association ( acea ) .
visitors can take photos in the beautiful gardens by the lake .
the problem of aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
“ fans around the world are always waiting for new poster art , new trailers and other information , ” said paul dergarabedian , senior media analyst .
the royal library of turin is a important museum in turin , italy .
the ethiopian government wants to double teff production by 2015 .
“ but it doesn ’ t mean they ’ re going to win . ”
it is a story about han solo , the character played by harrison ford in the first three films .
now , in sardinia , italy , a mayor thinks he has found an answer to his town ’ s unemployment problem .
if you are afraid that someone will steal your idea , and that that person will make your idea happen better and faster than you , then you are not the right person to make the idea happen .
rents for a one- bedroom home in the city are between £500 and £800 a month .
austrian general mack surrendurs his army to the grand armee of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
“ as a woman , it ’ s made me happy , ” said véronique soulier , president of the club ’ s supporters ’ association .
they ’ ll kill sharks whether they ’ re one , two , three metres or more , as well as dolphins , turtles and other things .
a few us stars have rejected the challenge because of california ’ s drought .
donated organs would not only go to people in need of a transplant in wales but to anybody in the uk .
on april 7 , 2004 , messing gave birth to a son , roman walker zelman .
for half a million dollars a year , you could solve most of them. ” climate change is another problem .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
their expenses are also paid .
the team spent four days collecting the images and information that will give the isolated community on baffin island something that people across the world who live in cities now take for granted .
“ it will take a few more months for india , which now has 1,300 big cats in several huge protected areas , to finish the survey , ” he added .
the document says that the nsa can now get information “ directly from the servers ” of major us internet companies .
she had a long battle with the ira , which almost killed her with a bomb in 1984 .
but people in stratford believe that the town made and educated shakespeare .
“ we open up new worlds to them . ”
city living is good in many ways but it is not always possible to lead a sustainable lifestyle in a city .
but his 1965 album , live at the regal , has become famous and influenced many younger musicians .
he was diagnosed with inoperable stomach cancer in april 1999 .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which stick to it .
i was talking to the prisoners and they knew what was wrong in their lives , but the problem is that the prison system only deals with the crime. ” “ one guy spent £300 a week on cocaine and burgled houses to get the money .
drumlines , used to catch the sharks , are indiscriminate killers .
facial recognition is a technology that can identify people – it analyses and compares people ’ s faces .
computer performance is the amount of useful work that a computer system can perform compared to the time it takes to perform this work .
but we were in são paulo for four or five days before the first match and it was hard to see until the last day that the world cup was happening .
then he had an idea to run his own scheme when he left prison – using the experience of ex-offenders to help others reject crime .
the scientists collected metadata on more than 250,000 calls and over 1.2 million texts .
instead , he suggests “ blended learning that combines a campus experience with a mooc ; also , perhaps , using moocs to create a global degree , with students taking courses from across the world , might be possible. ” but that ’ s in the future .
they are castrated so that the animal can be calmer or to put on weight more quickly .
railways because the town is at the bottom of a steep valley it was n't suitable for the railway .
even worse , there were too many victims in my stories – 83 dead in a ﬁ re at 6pm become 38 dead by 7pm ; 12 people injured in a coach crash soon became two and so it went on .
the results were very surprising .
in 1967 he became chairman of the spd group in the landtag , and in 1970 minister of science and education in the cabinet of minister president heinz kühn .
when she is called , she picks up a brown paper bag full of food : pasta , eggs and cornflakes .
“ we have every sort of technology in tokyo .
the cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx , where it can be swallowed .
“ virunga is a valuable asset to dr congo , ” the report says .
the islanders sailed to samoa , then fiji , vanuatu and onto the gold coast .
they come back inside with bright eyes and rosy cheeks .
“ our training facilities are some of the best in world sport , ” he added .
just before to gabrielle made landfall , the national park service shut down visitor centers along the outer banks .
“ but it ’ s a bit late for that and much too silly , ” said cardew .
his styles included craftwork by the malanggan people of northern new ireland , haida carvings from the pacific northwest region of north america , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
“ the only thing that could be better is the england team. ” he and six friends were among the thousands of supporters from around the world who have made the beach into a party zone .
this makes you relax “ as you fill these pages with colour ” .
solutions to climate change are often hi-tech .
us president barack obama said that the us has to be more careful with how it manages its money .
she still plays the piano and gives speeches .
about 95 species are currently known .
handles -lrb- the part of the brush we hold -rrb- may be wood or plastic .
the project is a key part of morocco ’ s plans to use its deserts to become a global solar superpower .
it ’ s becoming clear that clean water is one of the most valuable things in the world and we soon won ’ t have enough .
“ i heard about it but i thought it was strange .
pretoria was at one time seen as " the capital of apartheid south africa " .
in 1871 the fort got an extra barracks .
she is also known as princess minnie and maestro minnie .
he discovered what thousands of others have also discovered : the more we try to clean ourselves with soaps and body washes , the more our skin works to get back its balance .
the number of big cats has been decreasing in south asia for 100 years , but conservationists now hope that we can save them .
the loans he took out dishonestly from banks were his way of showing that this situation was wrong , he said .
historical people first appeared on banknotes in 1970 .
he is worried he might not win but he shouldn ’ t be worried because he has been at the top of the opinion polls for four months .
the company ’ s financial report from 6 august showed that their profit in the second quarter dropped from $ 37.4 million in 2014 to $ 5.8 million in 2015 .
the capital is malé .
they travel very far .
but the challenge is to capture that energy and take it to where it is needed .
patagonia is an important region for the country ’ s economy because it has oil , fishing , mining and agriculture resources .
it is found in the nord-pas-de-calais region in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this can be solved by using multiple kerberos servers and emergency authentication mechanisms .
the elements are named : yang wood , yin wood , yang fire , yin fire , and so on .
the findings will make people argue even more about whether or not organic food is better for people .
but , in that ﬁrst journalism job , getting the numbers wrong didn ’ t always mean failure .
the meteorite arrived a day before asteroid 2012 da14 passed earth very closely ( about 17,510 miles ) .
it says it is very popular in britain .
her tail was flapping wildly and , at first , i thought it was a display but , then , i realized she was angry .
it was first thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
james howard thome -lrb- born on august 27 , 1970 -rrb- is a professional baseball player , currently with the chicago white sox .
uncut campaigner anna walker said “ we ’ ve chosen to highlight the impact of the cuts on women .
what the spanish then called " chocolatl " was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
but not all results are positive : one recent study found no significant benefit for young people who took the chemical for several days .
then he returned to the message that first made him popular .
it also makes the water of the chillon and lurin rivers , which flow into the bay of lima , dirty .
“ i very much want to have contact with you as an audience , not with iphones , ipads or cameras. ” bush is not the first singer or musician to say she doesn ’ t like phones at concerts .
animal rights organizations say that orcas kept in tanks die at a younger age than wild whales .
36-year-old junior smart knows a lot about gangs .
as a commander of an apache helicopter , the prince said he had shot at the taliban .
but , goodfellow registered the patent for his machine on 2 may , 1966 , 14 months before shepherd-barron ’ s atm machine was first used .
“ there ’ s no reason why we can ’ t have a similar return of wildlife in the uk . ”
“ i ’ m an architect but i have been unemployed for six months .
the king sent it to the pope but the ship sank and it died .
this was the headline in the sun newspaper .
ban has been very involved in issues relating to inter-korean relationships .
anyone with a second-hand phone and a £7-a-month deal from a telecoms company can use unlimited bbm messages .
it has been analyzed extensively and is now used worldwide , as was the case with its predecessor , the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .
they also agreed that this showed future climate change would be bigger than people think .
it creates problems for everybody. ” so , what time does kelley start work ?
a lot of the message on the postcard was impossible to read , but the address in berlin on the front of the card was legible .
by the age of 21 , he was already well-known for composing more than 200 songs .
a small google team has flown to iqaluit , the largest town in the canadian territory of nunavut .
already , bergsland says , there are more visitors than usual and rjukan ’ s shopkeepers are making more money than usual .
wind and hydro will make up the other two-thirds .
“ we are throwing all of our data into an information black hole .
and some people say the challenge caused a water shortage on the scottish island of colonsay .
even the traditional indian wedding is changing .
in 1938 the column was moved to its present location , and a fourth ring , decorated with golden garlands was added .
in the 1950s camus tried to improve human rights .
moving northwestward , the depression came onto land near fort walton beach early on september 22 , and shortly later , it dissipated over southeastern alabama .
he said that the position of pope needed both strength of mind and strength of body , and in the last few months he felt that he was slowly losing that strength .
other scientists reported health benefits from listening to natural sounds .
lyndon b. johnson 's speech about his great society program also occurred at um .
“ the english are 86 % by population of this union .
owen mccormack , hoxton analytics ceo , says that they wanted the system to be different from facial recognition .
she can also choose between butternut squash or carrots as this week ’ s vegetables .
this might be causing a big problem that we need to study more. ” lots of underwater noise can cause many problems .
it says fewer people are going to its parks and profits have reduced .
but doctors at university hospital birmingham have shown that , if patients are given air with extra oxygen before holding their breath , they can hold it for five-and-a-half minutes .
“ from 28 february 2013 , at 20.00 hours ” , he told a gathering of cardinals in the vatican , “ the see of rome , the see of saint peter , will be vacant and there will be an election for a new pope. ” one of the cardinals at the gathering was a mexican cardinal , monsignor oscar sanchéz barba , from guadalajara .
if the midlife crisis is real , then humans may not be the only animals to get it .
the site of the bastille is now called the place de la bastille .
their lawyers said they had suffered terrible brutality .
i ’ m a romantic. ” he is planning to start sites in france and the uk later in 2013 , but at the moment the only site is in denmark .
the amount of c-types may actually be higher than this , because c-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except d-types and others common only at the extreme farther edge of the main belt .
the dutch designer-artist has invented a plant that is like a light .
“ if we solve this issue , we will improve the performance of organizations and the well- being of people at work , ” she said .
one title -lrb- " flying " -rrb- is a 1967 song credited to all four members of the beatles -lrb- lennon-mccartney-harrison-starkey -rrb- .
the prince said he didn ’ t like the media because of the treatment of his family when “ i was very small ” .
this happened at a time when many spanish people were looking for alternatives to a system that has caused problems in their lives .
the study says that the midlife crisis may come from the biology humans share with apes .
with the modern era expansion in the 1967-68 season and the start of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .
dr christopher mason , a scientist at weill cornell medical college , led a team that tested the new york city subway system for 18 months .
he said that it was simpler just to have an emergency stop button .
by percentage , the most wasted food is lettuce and leafy salads – people throw away 38 % ( 64,000 tonnes ) of all they buy .
they talk every week , discuss how his games have gone , study film of key decisions and discuss how to improve .
it used to be just farming land between mangotsfield and downend , but in the 1990s houses , schools and shops were built .
the next steps , mason said , are studies of other cities , which have begun in paris , são paolo and shanghai .
if the rat that received the information failed the task , the first rat did not get the reward of a drink .
1849 a battle between german and danish troops in the town on april 23 1849 during the first war of schleswig .
but , before me was margaret atwood and next year i ’ m sure there will be another brilliant writer .
the accord also asks companies to make sure that workers receive pay during factory closures .
then , another man appeared and said he was a doctor .
they work with the police , the probation service and other , voluntary organizations to help members of the violent criminal gangs of london .
opposition to western australia ’ s shark cull has intensified as thousands of people took to beaches across the continent to call on the state ’ s premier to end the policy , and rspca australia and virgin atlantic owner richard branson spoke out against it .
“ his health isn ’ t good , but he ’ s getting better , ” said ola fjeldstad , a norwegian anthropology student doing research on ebon island , one of the marshall islands .
a small proportion ( 5 % ) employed a beautician .
n-dubz is a british hip hop group based in camden town in greater london .
it stated current catholic doctrines on salvation , the sacraments , and the biblical canon , it answered all protestant disputes .
in 2015 , sohay helped 1,540 children to leave dangerous work and helped 2,125 more children – those who would soon start work – to go to school .
“ it was so simple ; the simplest thing you can imagine , ” said sanchéz barba .
normally , a state delegation is headed by the head of government .
amjid gulzar , 26 , said abdullah should encourage foreign visitors .
sea levels will rise , there will be stronger cyclones , warmer days and nights , more rainfall , and larger and longer heatwaves , says a new report .
these are just some of the ways his company changed everything – for better or worse .
in 2011 , two fishermen , aged 26 and 53 , from the republic of kiribati drifted for 33 days .
they want the tipping process to be made clearer so that everyone can understand it .
wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman hurriedly so that she could directly respond to ongoing events ; she wanted to write a more thoughtful second volume , but died before completing it .
hundreds of people have swum with her , so everyone thinks that she ’ s totally tame .
you have 20kg to 50kg of gear with you – you can ’ t just walk on the beach and decide you want to go in .
born larissa de macedo machado , the diva-to-be was a church chorister in her childhood .
a government-run probation service gives treatment programmes to offenders with drug , alcohol or violence problems .
it rejects about half of these names because it wants to preserve the icelandic language .
it affects people in different ways , but causes difficulties in social interaction and communication .
the country could earn $ 400 million a year from tourism , hydropower and carbon credits , said a wwf report .
france has just employed its first female professional team manager .
a video game publisher is a company that publish games that they have made or that they have bought to be made by a video game developer .
the app also received information from their facebook pages , which the scientists used to check their results .
it is considered to be a supervolcano because of its great size -lrb- 3,000 km2 -rrb- and its numerous dikes and vents .
and how does that make him feel ?
his campaign was so popular that within 40 days he had made £400,000 from the public .
one day , drones could deliver packages to your home .
but this estimate measures residents who use a restricted domestic intranet that only has certain websites and has limited email .
they are called the university of dundee and the university of abertay dundee .
“ for years , people have wondered how the different parts of the story fit together .
“ we are creating an organic computer. ” the scientists have shown that rats can share information and respond to that information .
“ if an author can no longer write about the things that surround us – a brand of beer , a monument , an actor – it ’ s going to be difficult to write fiction .
they used the money to pay for speaking tours against capitalism and tv cameras for a media network .
nepal says it will double the population of tigers by the year 2022 from 121 in 2009 to 242 .
she was a 23-year-old student from cole harbour , nova scotia .
it ’ s a natural choice and reflects our society in which women are equal to men .
other websites ibanez ibanez guitars and bass museum - ibanez instruments database , resources , user reviews , pictures history of hoshino gakki co . , ltd .
it has led to worries that other countries may also ask for exemptions .
economic growth has been weak in recent years in india .
my husband and i love highclere castle .
in the third round , the conference finals , the two teams left in each conference play each other , with the conference champions going to the stanley cup finals .
here , at the central african country ’ s first ice-cream shop , customers can buy ice cream in sweet cream , passion fruit , strawberry and pineapple flavours .
this may mean vapers will have to increase the number they smoke to get the same effect .
after spending 27 years in prison , including 18 years on robben island , mandela won the country ’ s first multiracial election in 1994 , with his party , the anc .
by 8:30pm the watchman for the maritime service board , james cargill , went to see what was happening .
they said that there was only a very small trace of anthrax , that rats probably carried the plague and that no one has become ill with plague in new york for years .
they may get holiday pay , but they do not get sick pay .
and other bacteria were becoming resistant too .
judea lost its nationhood to the romans in the 1st century bc , by becoming first a tributary kingdom , then a province , of the roman empire .
magdy adib ishak-hannah , who has £45m , said he is one of the few residents who lives there all the time .
it can be called a " living fossil " .
there is still a possibility that al-qaida could do something stupid , but we haven ’ t stopped indians from travelling to london .
in world war ii , the battle of france , also called the fall of france , was the german invasion of france and the low countries , from 10 may 1940 , and ended the phoney war .
“ erm … i don ’ t feel great , ” he admits .
they make it into flour and use it to make injera , the flatbread that is basic to ethiopian cooking .
there were differences in the levels of violence against women in different regions of the world but , said garcia-moreno , “ it is too high ” everywhere .
james goodfellow also invented something that millions of people around the world use every day – the cash machine – but it didn ’ t make him rich .
this means that , if food waste were a country , it would produce more greenhouse gases than any country , except the us and china .
it burns your insides , it makes you aggressive and makes you go mad , ” said maria , an ex-heroin addict .
then , after a few minutes , the explosions came .
mike sharples , chair of educational technology , doesn ’ t agree .
“ it ’ s not really a place for families .
with very little money , mutchler and jonathan mayer found out a lot of personal information about the people in the study .
i am not sure. ” he also said that research showed organic cereals have less protein than regular crops .
it was found on february 27 , 1995 .
their son , alexander duff , married princess louise , who was the daughter of edward vii .
' ” anthony joyce , a surfer who once had his foot caught in a shark ’ s mouth , said : “ the number of sharks they are going to kill is going to make no difference in the scheme of things. ” the state government has refused to provide a running tally of sharks killed , though there have been reports of sharks smaller than three metres being released after getting caught on drumlines , floating drums anchored to the sea bed with bait hanging on hooks beneath them .
they are thought to have made up for this by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba .
changing to a vegetarian diet is one way to keep more water to grow food , the scientists said .
there are no staff at the station , which opened for service on july 1 , 2006 .
rspca australia released a statement saying it believes the cull is unjustified .
he lived in very violent times and these deaths would not have been pretty or quick. ” it was mathew morris who first found the body , in the first hour of the first day of the excavation .
they say that a private company should not have a name that is also the name of an important geographical area .
one initiative , facebook home , is software that you can download onto android phones to feed news and photos from friends – and advertising – directly to your home screen .
many of the volunteers at the jungle school are local teachers who are giving up their summer holidays .
at first the units were coupled cab-to-cab but it was easier to couple master nose to slave cab .
a typical salary for a chief technical officer is £30,000 .
according to an interview in the uk newspaper the sun , heyman wrote the brand 's weekly scripts and gave them to writers for possible changes , and then vince mcmahon for final approval .
the findings seem to show that children born in the early months of the school year enjoy a double “ autumn advantage ” – we already know that they have an academic advantage and , now , they also seem to be better at sport , too .
“ this is europe ’ s most important bird sanctuary , ” says laurence rose of the rspb ( royal society for the protection of birds ) .
timed to coincide with the apollo 11 moon landing , it was a top five uk hit .
organizers say that almost half of all the rubbish left at the site was recycled in 2013 .
it ’ s very positive because it ’ s a solution that will make people less ill , and happier and better at what they do. ” there would probably be fewer accidents because drivers would be more awake , he says .
much higher temperatures could reduce the length of the growing period in some parts of africa by up to 20 % , the report said .
russian , middle eastern and chinese billionaires do not give away money to charity in the same way that us billionaires do .
he completed his latest book at 1am one tuesday morning before a car arrived to take him to the airport to catch a flight to norway .
the most common side-effects of taking the drug are nervousness and sleeping problems .
when lorenzo began to rapidly strengthen , the warning was raised to a hurricane warning .
tabata remembers the first time he tested his training system on his university students in the early 1990s .
and i thought : 'you shouldn ’ t be ashamed of this .
in other words , there could be a false association of what you have in your mind rather than what is happening to you. ” he added : “ our study showed that the false memory and the real memory use very similar , almost identical , brain mechanisms .
also , there should be more transparency around performance and bonuses .
it was the fresh air mixed with the burnt , “ sweet ” smell of a spacecraft that had just re- entered through the earth ’ s atmosphere .
he has now gone to court because johansson does not want the book to be translated or to become a film .
behind him , to the south , is the 1,800-metre mountain known as gaustatoppen .
organizers have asked the 140,000 festival-goers to bring reusable bottles that they can fill at 400 drinking water taps across the site .
the new york rangers won the stanley cup beating the montreal maroons becoming the first united states based team since the start of the nhl to win it and first since the seattle metropolitans won in 1917 .
i just wanted something , ” she said .
in his book " russia at war 1941 to 1945 " , alexander werth said that while visiting gdansk / danzig in 1945 shortly after its liberation by the red army , he saw an experimental factory outside the city for making soap from human bodies .
the current status of the mandaeans has prompted a number of american intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community .
“ i think it is worth waiting but the guy behind me who wants his double cheeseburger for a dollar might not , ” said chapman .
hundreds of guests flew to barcelona for the wedding and party , which was in a museum in the city .
police will watch the temporary accommodation , but antisocial families will also be able to see doctors and social workers .
facebook ’ s value has increased the most in the table .
people can make a lot of money selling tiger skins and bones illegally .
that other third is people who don ’ t find the time to put their names on the register. ” the new law would apply to anybody over 18 who has lived in wales for at least the year before his or her death .
located 145km inside the arctic circle , kiruna has a very difficult climate .
he died a few weeks later in january 888 .
and , with the glasses , you can know more information about people before you even speak to them. ” when iguchi was growing up , japanese technology ruled the world : they had the sony walkman , which was as popular as the iphone .
this is because factory owners are asking for compensation for the cost of closures and repair work .
“ i am 67 so that means i ’ m like a 10-year-old and i get up just after six .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now said to be " mario 's friend " .
the first mayor of gaborone was rev j. d. jones .
“ but i think mystery shopping companies that pay you a nominal fee to travel to a restaurant and eat a meal are exploiting people .
pluto used to be the ninth planet but , since 2006 , it has been a dwarf planet .
they spend 20 % of their time watching short video clips , for example on youtube , or news clips on facebook and other social sites .
he says he doesn ’ t know much about france but the classes are slowly helping him understand the country and the language .
oregano is an ingredient needed for greek cuisine .
one of the most important things in the study , said murray , was “ the very fast change in the main causes of death and the speed of that change is a lot faster than we thought ” .
“ people often think shakespeare left stratford and his family , went to london to earn his fortune and only came back to die , ” he said .
that was the most frightening thing : i thought , if she hits me with her tail , i could go under the water and drown .
it grows out of the difficulties in getting used to the new culture , causing difficulty in knowing what is appropriate and what is not .
according to gant , “ the period of roger moore ’ s last films and dalton ’ s films didn ’ t excite audiences .
as it passes through air , some of the light is scattered .
muslims performing i ' tikaf have to stay inside the mosque for ten days , often in worship or learning about islam .
“ it ’ s a good thing to keep your brain active. ” the 29-year-old electrical engineer is one of many refugees who live in the “ jungle ” camp outside calais who have applied for asylum in france .
malala didn ’ t blow out candles on a cake ; she sat at the united nation in the central seat where world leaders usually sit .
the court did not accept this .
people have argued for years over this question .
the research helps to show how much warming is caused by rises in carbon emissions , say scientists who have commented on the study , published in the journal nature .
they sang songs from the anti-apartheid struggle .
disappointingly , this effect is seen only in brain activity and not in behaviour. ” she said that , if we want oxytocin to become an important treatment for autism , we need to show that is has an effect on behaviour .
later in life , she wrote letters to gustave flaubert .
“ a more open and connected world is a better world , ” wrote zuckerberg .
it is possible that it may , one day , be impossible to live in miami .
oliver rolf kahn -lrb- born june 15 , 1969 in karlsruhe , germany -rrb- was a german footballer .
sadly , said tua , the crews had to use modern navigation equipment sometimes to reach australia in time for the congress .
only drivers with official permission can use special fast lanes to avoid the wait .
when south africa became a republic in 1961 , pretoria stayed its administrative capital .
police have been worried about €500 notes for a long time .
her 1998 book , today i feel silly , and other moods that make my day , made the best-seller list in the new york times .
and , if they disappear , malé ’ s reason for existing disappears , too .
the album was banned from many record stores in the united states .
this has led to a dramatic reduction in payment .
farming locals grow crops such as maize -lrb- makai -rrb- and wheat -lrb- kanak -rrb- .
the cash machine is now used all over the world and , every year , there are more and more : there are now three million atms worldwide and there will be four million by 2020 .
it is difficult to know exactly where the noise is coming from , but you can hear it everywhere in damascus .
life isn ’ t fair sometimes .
its brand value increased by 86 % to $ 14.3 billion .
the magazine will have to pay €10,000 for every day it does not give the couple the files .
it lets you swim underwater for two minutes .
“ i will write to the auction house to find out what will happen next , but for now we are really pleased that a people ’ s campaign in london has had an impact in the us .
the test finds out how much people know about tablets , smart watches , superfast internet , 4g mobile-phone networks and mobile apps .
she never renounced the commune , and few times later the judges to sentence her to death .
as jfk said , our problems are manmade and can be solved by man. ” “ you ’ ve never had better tools to make a difference , ” he told the students at the question-and-answer session .
mutchler said the study showed how easy it is to find out private information about people .
“ of course i read them , ” the prince said .
if you must use a different font size , use a relative size , such as font-size : 80 % ; not an absolute size , for example , font-size : 8pt .
for some time , both the old and new stations were used , before the ground level swan street station was closed .
it is extremely worrying. ” if you look at the state of the local economy , you quickly see why the government has made this decision .
he has won 13 premier league titles , two champions leagues , the cup winners ’ cup , five fa cups and four league cups .
electra is happy about going to argos with idamante .
the law says that – unless both parents are foreign – the names of children born in iceland must be submitted to the national registry within six months of birth .
british government lawyers said that too much time had passed since the seven- year fight in the 1950s , and it was no longer possible to have a fair trial .
they must try to find a way home by using " plotholes " -lrb- holes in the air -rrb- to move between worlds .
in total , they will refund 110 million yen .
that is quite significant because , when you talk to referees , it is obvious that they always support each other .
that same year , the band released their first album , fresh fruit for rotting vegetables .
however , this rule is not always followed , for example defense and not defence .
the spanish team compared the hunter-gatherer to modern europeans from different regions to see how they might be related .
on 1 june 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a gunfight in frankfurt .
people could do more as consumers . ”
tropical storm ana was the only tropical cyclone in the atlantic ocean that began in the month of april .
most importantly , tua says that politicians must change how they do things .
more than 500 apes were included in the study in three separate groups .
kelly said that he would probably not fly again with nasa .
bbm is trying to keep its customers and you can now use it on android and apple phones .
frightened japanese supporters ran from the area holding their children , when they heard shots – perhaps rubber bullets or tear gas .
she said she was not surprised about her city ’ s top position .
an enemy would need 40 % more soldiers to be able to fight us. ” one day , humans will find a way to remove the need to sleep completely .
but the study said these animals live in regions of europe where lots of people live and this shows that they could live even in the british countryside .
you need a 15-minute distance , and typical drones have about that distance. ” it ’ s one way , he said , to make sure people are safe .
in 1975 , there were fewer than 100 wolves in poland. ” mysłajek says that polish wolves are much safer now but they are not completely safe .
or hobby learners , who want to learn about a subject they find interesting ?
conservationists argue there is no evidence the cull will reduce the number of shark attacks on humans , as no previous cull has solely used drumlines .
this time , bowie appeared as ziggy stardust , a science-fiction character – an intergalactic glam-rock star visiting planet earth .
plastic water bottles can take hundreds or even thousands of years to completely biodegrade .
during the tour , it has taken hamlet to every country except north korea .
they invite women to tastings that allow women to try flavours and styles of beer that they may not normally try .
the researchers did the experiment again with people at home .
the island has no native people living on it , but is given the iso 3166-1 country code sj , the internet country code top-level domain -lrb- cctld -rrb- .
soon after , he made a cover of leo sayer 's when i need you as a single , which went to number 5 in the british charts , as well as another song called no matter what i do , which reached number 23 .
showering destroys these bacteria .
“ there ’ s a big difference between sharing information through the senses and being able to plan .
there is no reason to say kashmir , or even srinagar , is a dangerous destination. ” germany changed its guidelines for travellers to the region in 2011 .
in the months between september and march , andersen says : “ we would look up and see blue sky above , and the sun high on the mountain , but the only way we could get to it was to go out of town. ” twelve years after he first dreamed of his solspeil , a german company that specializes in csp – concentrated solar power – brought in , by helicopter , the three 17-square-metre glass mirrors that are now high above the market square in rjukan .
from all across rwanda , and even from burundi , people are coming to the southern town of butare to a little shop called inzozi nziza ( sweet dreams ) .
he created and published his works himself , but his larger works were mostly commissioned work to be sold .
half of italians aged 25-34 still live with their parents but only 4 % in norway .
brazil and china are quite high , but india and russia are much lower .
he thinks we should support vapers not attack them .
the united states republican party is one of the two biggest political parties in the united states of america .
national symbols try to unite people or send a message by representing the national people , values , goals , or history .
in the speech , he asked the country to join together .
the yellow disc means the island 's history in mining .
why do referees spend hundreds of hours driving around the country ?
“ menu descriptions were created to sound good to the customers , and , when hotels couldn ’ t get the ingredients on the menu , they just used food from different places , ” hiroshi tomozawa , a hotel and restaurant consultant , told kyodo news .
the northern white rhino is the rarest kind of african rhino .
yunus is one of the first members of this group .
one big problem is that some senior officials help the mafia who are involved in the illegal buying and selling .
the british number one , andy murray , said : “ it ’ s de ﬁ nitely a problem .
in 1986 , the german scientist gerhard knies said that the world ’ s deserts receive enough energy in a few hours to make power for all the people in the world for a whole year .
he had more r & b hits with blues songs and , in 1969 , he was near the top of the pop charts – where no blues artist had been for many years – with a song called the thrill is gone .
if you look more closely , the plan shows that the new town does not look like the old kiruna at all .
they are in fourth and fifth places .
david took the name bowie so people wouldn ’ t confuse him with davy jones of the monkees .
worst thing about the job : you will be away from home for at least six months of the year .
even if the disks and cassettes are in good condition , we can now only find the equipment to view them in museums .
they wanted to silence the teenager and end her campaign for girls ’ education .
they had extensive oversee trade contacts with the roman empire .
the 3,000 winners have won an average of £2.8 million each .
her repertoire -lrb- from bach to penderecki , from vivaldi to shostakovitch -rrb- , contains over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music .
it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 and was given the designation .
lady fiona carnarvon says that the huge success of downton all around the world has paid for building repairs at the castle .
bad herrenalb is a small town in the district of calw , in baden-württemberg , germany .
together they had 18 children , of whom 11 grew up to be adults .
“ no , i don ’ t want a fruit beer .
“ but , with the bottle and the document , this is certainly the oldest at the moment .
he was trying to break five different records : the first human to ever break the sound barrier in free-fall ; the highest free-fall altitude jump ; the highest manned balloon flight ; the longest free-fall ; and his jump platform is probably the largest manned balloon in history .
keymer used to be a village on its own until it was merged into the modern day village of hassocks .
angry waiters are asking people to support their battle to keep their tips .
that ’ s not great .
he got the most votes in each of the four straw polls conducted by the un security council on july 24 , 14 september , september 28 and october 2 .
the british government ’ s lawyers accepted that all three of the old kenyans were tortured .
one angry pizzaexpress employee , who does not want to give her name , said that the admin fee cost her £3 a night .
they have to invent the right technology but , also , they have to consider public safety .
an inuit mapping expert helped the google team and curious locals followed them around .
“ there is little work here , ” said alessandro macis .
warrington is a large town and borough within the ceremonial county of cheshire , england .
what this means is that names with letters that do not officially exist in iceland ’ s 32-letter alphabet , such as “ c ” , are not permitted .
my answer is , it is always worth it to do the right thing. ” he added : “ this is not over. ” but the political deal on wednesday was one of the worst of all possible results for republicans .
the results suggest that blue eyes came ﬁrst in europe and that the change to lighter skin happened later in mesolithic times .
school and university reunions are unnecessary – you already know whose job is going well and you ’ ve seen pictures of your schoolfriends ’ babies .
the magazine ’ s editor , rachael jolley , said : illegal downloading is a very big problem .
the civil aviation authority -lrb- caa -rrb- , is the publicly-owned organisation in charge of flying -lrb- aviation -rrb- in the united kingdom .
the movie stars murad , shamim ara , deeba , ibrahim nafees and talish .
the metadata told them what number people called , when and for how long but it didn ’ t tell them what people said .
gable also won an academy award for playing fletcher christian in the 1935 film version of mutiny on the bounty .
annie oliv will play cello during melodifestivalen 2008 in mickey huskics entry in semifinal number three on february 23 .
but , in the long term , malé and the rest of the islands will only be safe if sea levels stop rising .
after the december 2007 decision by landlords , the vale of glamorgan council to end the £ 65,000 funding of the barry island railway , the society struggled to maintain a service .
it is found in the pays de la loire region in the sarthe department in the west of france .
as a result , both men and women must follow this rule when they attend a mosque , even though many mosques do not enforce these rules .
during the tea break , the ladies discuss a funeral that most of them went to that week for one of the younger people in the group who died recently , aged 68 .
jenny holdcroft , policy director for industriall , which has been closely involved in the accord , said that the agreement made sure that factories would not lose orders during closure because companies agreed to continue orders with suppliers for two years .
the teachers are volunteers from calais and other places .
there are other rules that also apply to those who enter the mosque , even though they do not want to pray there .
“ it ’ s the loss of the common species that will affect people .
the un is involved with fighting units and the m23 rebel force is inside the park .
its stretched shape led to the suggestion that eunomia may be a binary object .
it had a maximum wind speed of 35 mph and a minimum pressure of 1013 mbar .
it is also called as nellai .
there have been other mario sports games like mario golf and mario tennis , and the baseball and soccer games mario superstar baseball and super mario strikers .
a different word for lolcat is cat macro because it is a type of image macro .
in tests , the second rat responded correctly to the first rat ’ s brain signals and pressed the lever 70 % of the time .
“ nobody else uses their vacation days , ” says erika sekiguchi , a 36-year-old worker .
scarlett johansson is suing a french novelist for €50,000 .
there is a clear link between skin colour and inequality .
very few customers of bi-porn say they are gay .
and it is not just basford ’ s books that adults want to colour in .
no project is too crazy for indiegogo .
businesses started or supported by lottery winners employ 3,195 people , according to the study .
as temperatures rise and oceans become warmer , there will be big changes in annual rainfall in tropical and subtropical regions , says the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) report , released in stockholm and published online in september 2013 .
if you have that money to pay for people to go away , why don ’ t you use that money to keep them here ? ” said consuelo melis , who works in a local café .
the village phone -lrb- polli phone -rrb- project of grameenphone has made it possible for 260,000 poor people in over 50,000 villages to own mobile phones since march 1997 .
a british woman made £100,000 to open a “ cat café ” in london through the site .
there are also classes in english , art and t ’ ai chi .
according to the researchers , countries in other parts of the world could use this “ land-sharing ” method .
the “ iron lady ” was a close ally of the us president ronald reagan in the final years of the soviet union .
the decision means japan becomes the first asian country to name an element .
the battle began a seven-year war which ended with the rhine as the boundary of the roman empire for the next four hundred years , until the decline of the roman influence in the west .
the first chemical treatment for curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in the year 1906 by the german hairdresser karl nessler -lrb- 1872-1951 -rrb- .
leo vi of armenia is imprisoned for several years in cairo until a ransom is paid by king john i of castile .
we tell the shops that , if you know someone ’ s a male or a female , your advertising will work better .
the amount of pasta they eat has almost tripled over the same period .
“ our customers are still very happy with the product and technology is improving their experience and helping them to switch from traditional cigarettes. ” “ e-cigarettes are like a sort of nicotine patch , ” west agreed .
the image also shows a dramatic canyon 7 to 9km deep .
the number of users in brazil increased by 6 % in the last month to 70 million , according to socialbakers , whose information is used by facebook advertisers .
from these , they produced interesting pictures of people ’ s lives .
but , he is such a curious boy .
the 10-year-old and 55-year-old wake and sleep naturally at the same time. ” so , should workplaces have staggered starting times , too ?
55 % of people in scotland voted to keep the 307-year-old union with england and wales , and 45 % voted against it .
the next match was a cruiserweight open for the wwe cruiserweight championship .
“ i know it ’ s taboo to eat bugs in the west , but why not ? ” , redzepi said .
on september 22 , the system had become organized enough that the national hurricane center mentioned a possible tropical or subtropical development in the area .
they probably wanted to hit a government building .
he is the most successful manager in british football .
she could hold her breath for five minutes , while swimming .
shopping channel presenter the job : to sell and demonstrate lots of different products on live tv what this person does : presents hours and hours of boring tv and , at the same time , demonstrates the products and looks enthusiastic about everything that they are selling .
but has vaping started to become less popular ?
while smaller towns to the east , including gundowring and kergunyah , were still threatened , the cfa said that there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of beechworth and yackandandah on the northern edge of the fire area .
by 2017 , the first real-world car emissions tests should begin .
“ i work in a busy london restaurant and i usually serve 150 people every night .
“ maybe , sometimes , you go bananas , ” he said .
kcho , who has close relations with the cuban government , said that his actions are allowed by the ministry of culture .
everybody in india knows that their police officers are out of shape .
leicester ’ s museums ’ service is working on plans for a new visitor centre in an old school building next to the site .
on a slide rule 1.5 × 30 -lrb- which equals 45 -rrb- will show the same result as 1,500,000 × 0.03 -lrb- which equals 45,000 -rrb- .
i ’ d prefer to get a good basic wage ( like in australia ) and not have to rely on tips .
today , antibiotic resistance has become a normal part of life .
biogas engineer the job : to set up biogas plants in developing countries what this person does : helps poor people produce biogas from their excrement and other waste products .
there was a woman in the water with dusty , a dolphin who has a great relationship with a group of people she regularly swims with .
now , millions of other people love it. ” at the moment , they only use the ground floor and first floor of highclere , on the borders of hampshire .
the album is named after a song on the album ; a cover of a song by american singer tom brosseau .
she reads me a few lines from a poem she has written called ’ that beast called age ’ .
42-59 other websites 2001 census , accessed nov . 29 , 2006 geo .
it says the companies help them run the program , but all the companies that commented said they have not heard of the program .
first , he shocked prisoners of war when he said that he didn ’ t believe vietnam veteran john mccain was a hero because he allowed the enemy to capture him .
since then , the medal has been given 1,356 times to 1,353 people .
these included hiv and other sexually transmitted infections , depression , alcoholism , unwanted pregnancies and babies that are born too small .
today , people love rhinos .
another bar , lost love lounge , doesn ’ t have a patio .
happening at the start of the football confederations cup , the rallies brought together people who are angry with the high costs and poor quality of public services , the large amounts of money spent on international sporting events , low standards of health care , inequality and corruption .
it was presented to erdmann by the museum that is now exhibiting it in germany .
it had divided the country , the government , and even bowell 's own cabinet .
people can get taxis from hotels and a taxi lane on presidential way , north of city centre shopping centre .
even in our cities , there are birds and things to appreciate in the environment but we are losing the ability to hear them .
i loved that sound but just couldn ’ t do it. ” during the 1950s , king was the leading blues artist in many series of concerts .
they collected more than 25,000 kilos of dead fish afterwards and nearly 2,000 adult birds , chicks , eggs and nests were killed or destroyed .
sweden is the best country for older people ; afghanistan is the worst – but rich countries are not always better for people over 60 years old , says the first global study on ageing .
the idea that we can ’ t have clean air because it will cause noise problems is ridiculous .
they must also be over 18 .
genotype and genetics the distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly experienced when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases or conditions , for example , haemophilia .
he ’ s been fantastic for this club and i hope all the fans give the new manager the same support . ”
the official municipality key , which used to be called the official municipality characteristic number or municipality code number , is a group of numbers used to tell the difference between different municipalities and areas .
i ’ m quite impressed with myself .
aboutus is in two different continents now , and they have an office in the city of lahore , pakistan .
under the lithosphere there is the asthenosphere , the weaker , hotter , and deeper part of the upper mantle .
twenty years ago , teenagers spent their evenings on the home telephone line , talking about love and friendships in conversations that lasted for hours .
after becoming a tropical cyclone , the depression had many cloud swirls inside its common center .
but this percentage stopped rising in 2014 .
it is producted in tuscany in the famous area of " chianti " inside the provinces of arezzo , florence , pisa , pistoia , prato and siena .
there are also 10 stations above the ground and 3 on bridges .
this includes about 45 % of all fruit and vegetables , 35 % of fish and seafood , 30 % of cereals , 20 % of dairy products and 20 % of meat .
most australian external territories are in different time zones .
worst part of the job : for baburam paudel , chief technical officer in nepal for the charity renewable world , the worst part is seeing people struggling to survive on very little money .
roger mckinlay is the former president of the royal institute of navigation .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
the vice-president of google has warned that digitized material from blogs , tweets , pictures , videos and official documents such as emails could be lost forever because the programs we need to view them will no longer exist .
but , now that we ’ re here , it ’ s great , ” said brian hill , another england fan .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
but he criticizes the government because they believe that , when the leader of a gang is arrested , the problem is solved .
he says that everest is the perfect place to study some of these problems , like the effects of climate change and tourism .
she didn ’ t get anything .
visitbritain ’ s director , patricia yates , said : “ the links between tourism , films and tv are strong. ” she added that period dramas , like downton abbey , have also made places outside of london more popular .
a film about turner was made in 2014 , with timothy spall as the artist .
figaro then arrives and tries to start the wedding feast , but the count stops him and asks who wrote the unsigned note given to him by basilio .
carolina morace , an italian who was the only previous woman coach of a men ’ s professional team , said : “ i don ’ t know helena , but , if she has been hired by a team , then it means that she knows how to do her job .
more than 80 % list their interests , which allows companies to try to sell things to them .
“ south africans , nelson mandela brought us together and it is together that we will say goodbye to him. ” zuma said that mandela would receive a state funeral .
and doñana is still under threat from the pressures of modern life .
he is best known as an educator of poor children , and being for conscientious objection .
she has many adventures as johansson and , in the end , dies in a car crash .
james bond is not slowing down .
the city government expects to move about ten families a year , which starts in 2013 .
the first tetrapods are now thought to have evolved in shallow and swampy freshwater habitats during a time near the end of the devonian , a little more than 365 million years ago .
perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- beat eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
brig is a part of the canton of valais , switzerland .
the man has now returned from the trip with the woman he chose .
the county is lower in the east , with the lowest point in the siret river valley .
as a result , cocaine production has decreased in the country and some experts see bolivia as a model for other countries .
more than two-thirds of older people live in poor countries ; by 2050 , this proportion will probably be about four-fifths .
when the russian capsule opened , he felt the cool air of kazakhstan and smelled “ a smell like a plant was blooming in that area ” .
get connected is a free helpline for young people , where they can get help with emotional and mental health problems caused by loneliness .
the term dakshinachara -lrb- right-hand path -rrb- is used to refer to tantric sects that stay within these social norms .
arunachal pradesh is a state in the republic of india .
at the beginning headbands were given out to each street crime unit member , that were in the color of the day : beginning the use of the color of the day system .
and these people have made getting enough sleep a part of their lifestyle .
tom , manchester : ‘ a big night of tips can help pay the rent ’ average tips : £40 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... italy where i used to work , waiters kept 80 % of cash tips and 40 % of card tips .
lunar linux a source code-based distribution descended from sorcerer gnu / linux .
perhaps most importantly , more cities are building bike lanes so bicycle commuting has become more popular .
2 on cloud nine most of us are happy to call clouds “ fluffy ones ” or “ nasty black ones ” , but there are more than 50 cloud types .
“ yes , it can .
for 14 years , sohay , a non-governmental organization ( ngo ) , has worked in slums in dhaka to send child workers to school .
but it is the ruin of the towers , a grand mansion , that is most dramatic .
the auction of a banksy painting that disappeared from the wall of a north london shop was stopped just moments before it was going to be sold .
it is a bit like a violent family .
they want to learn the language of their new home .
there are about three houses that are lived in 24/7 and half of the houses are lived in three to six months a year .
' ” but allen won ’ t write to the queen to complain .
he gave the money to social activists .
the additions to daniel are not found in the hebrew or aramaic text of daniel .
gouda can mean : gouda -lrb- town -rrb- a town in the netherlands gouda -lrb- cheese -rrb- gouda -lrb- pottery -rrb- gouda -lrb- slang -rrb- gouda , south africa , a town in the western cape province of south africa .
the wiic is still used in pittsburgh , but on a smaller and less known channel showing music videos .
google will now test the cars , which are not yet for sale .
i wish him well for the future .
people in those countries waste 39 % of all the food they buy .
the name christian is an english way of saying the manx name " mccrystyn " .
some repairs may take months and factory owners say they can not pay workers while factories are closed .
“ we know that loneliness is a problem for the elderly and there are day centres and charities to help them , ” says sam challis , of the mental health charity mind , “ but , young people over 21 are too old for youth services. ” this is not good because loneliness can cause mental health problems – loneliness causes stress , depression , paranoia , anxiety , addiction and it can cause suicide .
in may 2015 , he told schools to make sure students attended yoga events on the international day of yoga .
9 flying through time flying across time zones means that we travel through time .
richard branson told fairfax radio the policy was backfiring .
opeth decided not to cancel the rest of the tour , and lopez 's drum tech filled in for two concerts .
he was arrested and sent to prison for life .
it is a mountainous climbing area and national park near dresden in saxony , germany .
he added : “ the most beautiful moment was when i was standing on the landing area and mike todd [ the man who dressed baumgartner in his suit ] came and he had a smile on his face like a little kid. ” baumgartner said that he felt like todd ’ s son .
krystian zimerman returned moments later and said : “ the destruction of music because of youtube is enormous. ” but sam watt says that filming at concerts makes the experience even better .
they do it at different times during the day .
a fifth of young adults in the uk are staying in the family home until they are at least 26 and a fifth are not paying any rent .
they did not close one of the tunnels and , the inquiry said , this was their big mistake .
she helped theseus in defeating the minotaur and later became the consort of the god dionysus .
she earns around £30,000 to £40,000 a year and that doesn ’ t include all the freebies she gets on the job .
between rounds there is a one minute pause , during which the players change their gear .
the javan rhinoceros is also nearly extinct .
in the first game , the bsc young boys played against the olympique marseille .
but a lot of time has been spent at the congress trying to set a new target for the amount of the ocean that needs special protection .
it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
“ we ’ ve lost indians in london .
when two people on a remote pacific island saw a small boat washed up on the beach , they decided to take a closer look .
some of us don ’ t understand the questions .
the building repairs are happening after the rana plaza building in the capital of bangladesh , dhaka , collapsed in 2013 and 1,138 people died .
people were demonstrating for different reasons .
but it ’ s not that simple .
munroe bight to the north of cape pillar is named after the american ship james munroe wrecked there in 1850 .
looking at life through a screen and not being in the moment totally – if you ’ re doing that , you ’ re 50 % there , right ?
but , at the moment , the brain atlas does not show small differences in word meanings .
glaciers in the everest region are getting smaller , and even disappearing , and this is having a big effect already .
davis also did character design for both the pirates of the caribbean and haunted mansion attractions at disneyland .
russians think that 31 % of their politicians are women , when it is only 14 % .
but byers is worried that these new roads , which they are building very quickly , could cause soil erosion and landslides .
the demonstrations in rio de janeiro , são paulo , brasilia , belem , belo horizonte and salvador started peacefully , but there were some clashes with police and people set fire to cars and buses .
this loose alliance was made a margravate by the kings of bohemia in 1378 .
the erotian surface gravity changes a lot , since eros is not a sphere but a stretched peanut-shaped -lrb- or potato- or shoe-shaped -rrb- object .
each new actor has been different and some have been better than others .
maria is the 34th “ client ” today at east hampton food pantry , very close to some of the most expensive houses in the world .
shepherd-barron received an official honour for his invention and goodfellow says : “ my one big regret is that i never said anything about it until john shepherd-barron received the honour in 2005 .
8 flora is a big , bright main belt asteroid .
this includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .
incredibly , the communication between the rats was two-way .
the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers ( icann ) has had bids ( each worth almost $ 200,000 ) for hundreds of new gtlds to add to the 22 that we use already .
however , the lake trio come back to kill the legendary 's power and break the red chain , stopping cyrus .
british people throw away 4.2 million tonnes of edible food each year .
humans will start arriving in 2025 and they will send more crews of four people every two years .
lisa donovan is a famous youtuber , actress and writer .
other websites mariano josé de larra in the biblioteca virtual miguel de cervantes .
each author will travel to the place in the forest high above oslo , where they will give their manuscripts to the project in a short ceremony .
it took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from north sydney to the forts .
in the fictional universe created by buffy -lrb- the buffyverse -rrb- , the term ' buffyverse ' is used amongst fans of buffy / angel online to describe the fictional universe established by buffy / angel .
for example , the red salmon 'caviar ' that customers ordered was in fact the eggs of the flying fish .
“ some players are used to the heat – their bodies can deal with the heat and others ’ can ’ t , ” dancevic said .
but , with enough testing , redmond is sure the device will work well and that it will not be dangerous for swimmers underwater .
a material such as gold , which does not react with other chemicals at normal scales , can be a powerful chemical catalyst at nanoscales .
clay cockrell is sitting in his office opposite the trump international hotel and tower .
this may mean vapers will have to increase the number they smoke to get the same effect .
tatyana bets was at work in the reception area of a hospital clinic in the centre of the city when the meteorite hit .
in spite of a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a 575 mile wide wind field .
in june 2008 , it was announced that a further four-year deal would start for the 2010 – 11 season , with the deal worth £ 125 million .
only 46 % of town and city waste in africa is collected .
one minute and 12 seconds .
but will tourists feel welcome ?
antibiotics have become drugs that are expensive to develop , that are only used in short courses and that quickly stop working because of bacterial resistance .
the president told the audience to meet and talk with people who have different political beliefs : “ look for people who don ’ t agree with you and it will also help you to compromise. ” obama said he was proud of his healthcare reforms and talked about the 2008 financial crisis : “ i saved the world from depression – that was quite good. ” he also said that his talks with iran and the response to the ebola crisis were some of the best things about his presidency .
then , it dropped to 19 % at the end of the year .
i had therapy , osteopathy and massage .
nyingi , who was put in prison and beaten , said : “ for me … i just wanted everyone to know the truth .
apps rise and fall like fireworks .
ash melts in the heat of the engine , then solidifies on the rotors .
in 1996 , someone suggested the symbol cp for copernicium , or element 112 , but it was changed to cn , when scientists complained that cp was already the symbol for another substance .
finnish mobile-phone company nokia dropped 41 places to 98th at $ 4.1 billion , just ahead of nintendo in 100th place ( down 33 ) .
another new crowdfunding site is investingzone .
the first episode got a 2.79 rating , making it the highest rated show on cable in its time slot .
barack obama has told young people to reject pessimism and meet people who have different political beliefs if they want to change the world .
pilots often have to fly next to the power line , sometimes as little as 20 feet away and just 30 feet off the ground .
“ some rwandans like ice cream , but it ’ s a new thing .
it is on the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the coastal city of stralsund .
“ if you need to go out and talk to a friend , a girl or a boy , you come to inzozi nziza for an ice cream. ” inzozi nziza was opened by odile gakire katese .
and , they are probably the people huffington wrote her book for .
the river can also be valuable for hydroelectric power , and the inga dams below pool malebo are some of the first dams built .
toppings include fresh fruit , honey , chocolate chips and granola .
“ african doctors write on hospital records that adults are dying of malaria a lot. ” but their fever could be something different , he adds .
the average age in india is 27 ; it is 47 in japan .
edible insects make fewer gases , contain high-quality protein , vitamins and amino acids , and only need a quarter of the food that sheep need to make the same amount of protein .
where are the artist exclusives ?
i don ’ t have any anger towards dusty .
they will watch what happens next closely .
it was found by scott s. sheppard , et al .
she listened quietly as ban ki-moon , the un secretary-general , described her as “ our hero , our champion ” ; and as the ex-british prime minister and now un education envoy , gordon brown , said “ the words the taliban never wanted her to hear : happy 16th birthday , malala ” .
the good news is that no modern airliner has ever crashed because of these sudden and violent movements of air .
russia blocked the transfer of the un mission to the eu .
at the start of her speech , malala said : “ i don ’ t know where to begin my speech .
audis were the favourite cars of 16 % of winners , with range rovers and bmws also popular ( 11 % each ) , as well as mercedes ( 10 % ) and land rovers ( 5 % ) .
it is more and more difficult to develop new drugs that can kill resistant bacteria .
many of the people living in the area get their drinking water directly from vättern .
sullivan is testing the service and has about 350 boyfriends as his clients .
it would have been amazing. ” what will tourism look like in the everest region in the future ?
we see things from our own perspective and find it difficult to imagine that there is a lot of variety in our countries .
many of them may sue the british government .
“ before we started this work , i had some ideas of what we were going to ﬁnd , ” said carles lalueza-fox , who led the study at the institute of evolutionary biology in barcelona .
“ i ’ m not saying it ’ s a perfect love story – living together often means conflict – but it ’ s important to control that conflict and resolve the problems it causes .
he recently lost his job because of ill health and has to look after his five grandchildren after the death of his daughters .
dancevic collapsed during the second set of his match against france ’ s benoît paire on the uncovered court six at melbourne park .
“ the buzz , ” as he calls it , of a game that goes well , is something he loves .
lk has agreed to pay the people of kiruna the value of their homes plus 25 % but many people say this is not enough to buy a new house .
“ it was just after the banking crisis and we were worried .
the nsa access is part of a program called prism , which allows the government to collect search history , the content of emails , file transfers , live chats and more , the document says .
he thinks scientists need to find out if the numbers are correct .
but it is not same in miami where politicians will not accept that the city has a serious problem .
since the year 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award of £ 5000 .
“ when i first heard the news , i was surprised , but , then , we all agreed that it ’ s good news .
“ they want me to try to save and i do other things – i buy food and i do things around the house. ” she gets on with her parents and has the same room that she had when she was 14 but she said she had always imagined she would have her own home before she was 30 .
experts agree that economic and population changes , new technology , and environmental concerns are having a big effect on transportation .
these are some of the people who discovered the basic parts of quantum mechanics : max planck , albert einstein , niels bohr , louis de broglie , werner heisenberg , erwin schrödinger , max born , john von neumann , paul dirac , wolfgang pauli , richard feynman .
its president , jim yong kim , asked politicians in all countries to continue to make policies that improve the economy and give jobs and opportunity to all .
costa ’ s comment on that description was : “ like mourinho , i always want to win .
he expected to be badly treated , but the german officers sent him to a hospital .
i understand that some people might want to donate to a different charity , ” said graham .
but the cmi ’ s numbers also showed that the pay gap is closing : the difference between the average salaries earned by male and female bosses appeared to be smaller than in 2012 .
because the exact border between bodies of water is usually not very easy to see , the continental divide is not always clear for any continent .
as a c-type , it is probably made of carbonate .
recently , some uk organizations – from shops to buckingham palace – have been criticized for employing staff without a guarantee of work and pay each week .
the list of bridges in the united states is a link page for some bridges in the united states .
“ they have put their lives on hold , unable to make major decisions like buying a house , redecorating , having a child or opening a business. ” at last , the city finally has a plan .
we need more things for tourists to do in the evening – we don ’ t even have one cinema in this city , ” he said .
astronomers think the color is because of organic compounds on its surface .
“ if they put it in the centre of tarifa , where there is space , then tourists could visit shops , bars and restaurants. ” standing in the green fields where they want to build the complex , biologist aitor galán said , “ in other countries , they would protect this place , but here they want to build lots of buildings .
sudan is the last male northern white rhino on the planet .
“ there were a lot of girls in shock ” , she said .
at one point on my visit , a stork calmly stood in front of our car until it felt ready to fly off .
“ for the first time since the late 1990s , there were fixed ropes on all three mountains .
in 2005 she joined the r & b group trinity stone which reached moderate success in the uk , ireland and russia .
with its daring songwriting and hard-rock sound , it was the first album to really show his talents .
aracaju is the capital and largest city .
but people still hoped that the globetrotters might fall in love .
“ it makes the referee ’ s job better and makes them more effective on the field of play , ” says riley .
and we may soon be able to buy insects in supermarkets .
the hotel group ’ s president , hiroshi desaki , went on television to announce a 20 % pay cut for himself and 10 % for other executives .
it is a fantasy world , based in a particular time in history .
co-author balaraman says that more rich people will not create more social problems because a wide gap in wealth is an “ accepted norm ” in india .
on a freezing day , an elderly couple sit on one of the new benches and they smile at the warmth on their faces .
according to the un , the goal of eliminating extreme poverty by 2030 is still possible .
when i go to london , i am a stranger .
since then , there have been similar stories from restaurants run by famous hotels and department stores in japan .
up to now , the tournament has avoided the problems many people predicted , though it is not trouble free .
margaret aspinall ’ s son james , then 18 , died at the match between liverpool and nottingham forest .
this makes vienna a cheap place to live compared to other big cities .
after the rebellion following the indian rebellion of 1857-58 and the end of the east india company , its european regiments were joined in 1860 with the british army , but its ‘ native ’ regiments were not .
i wake naturally. ” and , yes , he says he finds the start of his working day much easier now than when he was younger .
president dilma rousseff “ believes peaceful protests are correct and proper for a democracy and that it is natural for young people to demonstrate. ” but people booed the president at the opening ceremony for the confederations cup .
we eat honey , and honey is the vomit of a bee .
because of their hard work , many of the 1.5 million tourists who visit northumberland each year are now aware of its dark sky status .
but , if i make a no-smoking rule , they will choose another bar with smoking. ” many small business owners also fear that the smoke-free rule will make them lose money .
for shi ' a muslims the city is one of the holiest cities , after mekka , medina , jerusalem , and an najaf .
natalie dunman , its head of performance , said that the differences shown in the new study were true for teenagers in junior-level competitions , but that the differences disappear before sportspeople were in adult competitions .
he became the world ’ s first supersonic skydiver when he broke the sound barrier .
so swabey knew they were watching him at that match .
packaged instant soups come in two varieties : a packet of dry soup stock -lrb- like the ramen image below -rrb- .
that allows scientists and others to find any problems with the names .
3 facebook has created millions of jobs – but not in its own offices michael tinmouth has worked with companies such as vodafone and microsoft .
moro flew back to everest on tuesday in a powerful helicopter to rescue a climber at 7,800 metres .
it especially tries to help children who do dangerous work .
moss grows through bricks and mirrored tiles are lying on a bathroom floor .
but now , the government is trying to do something about japan ’ s culture of overwork .
sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den , the reason for this is unclear .
the floor has tiles that capture the energy from pedestrians ’ footsteps and turn it into electricity .
around 100 crew were involved in the voyage and they tried to travel using only traditional navigation techniques .
“ the government is making conservation plans for tigers .
members of the decavalcante family believed themselves to be the ones used for the dimeo family .
“ ueli trained like a machine , ” cool says .
“ they are more popular than nicotine patches but we do not know if they are more effective .
organic food has between 19 % and 69 % more antioxidants .
“ i saw this film about fish in a cement pool and i thought it was a good idea , ” said chon , who is also hiv positive .
you can go now .
they say that the project will harm the habitats of protected animals and plants , but most of the council just want to create more jobs .
it was trying to show that we should think about the way we buy and make different choices , and that is the same in all countries .
global numbers of visitors to facebook reached 1.05 billion a month in january , but they fell by 20 million in february .
orser retired from show skating in 2007 .
it is no longer legal to smoke a cigarette inside a bar in the world ’ s drinking capital , new orleans , louisiana .
its chef , rené redzepi , says that ants taste like lemon , and a mixture of grasshoppers and moth larvae tastes like a strong fish sauce .
“ i think many people don ’ t understand this nsa database programme .
but the technology has a long way to go before then and larger machines aren ’ t legal yet – only drones up to 25kg will be legal .
“ either the mine must stop digging , and then there will be no jobs , or the city has to move. ” kiruna was founded in 1900 by the state-owned luossavaara-kiirunavaara mining company ( lk ) .
it used to be one of the products of gasworks .
a small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl , traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a chashaku , and a small amount of hot -lrb- not boiling -rrb- water is added .
sometimes , people allege that we have created a government 'back door ' into our systems , but google does not have a back door for the government to access private user data. ” several senior tech executives said that they had no knowledge of prism or of any similar program .
swedish prisons have a reputation around the world for being liberal and modern .
it can also be used to for a common street beggar who chants holy names , scriptures or verses .
the first parallax measurement of the distance to alpha centauri is found by thomas henderson .
the prisoners sentenced to jail were transferred to spandau prison in 1947 .
the saturnian moon rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk of solid particles .
his contributions to manchester united over the last 27 years have been extraordinary and , like all united fans , i want him to be a part of its future. ” david gill added : “ i ’ ve had the great pleasure of working very closely with alex for 16 unforgettable years .
they have now announced details of the second spin-off .
hawit started his job after jeffrey webb left the job in may 2015 because he was arrested .
one of these , zadok the priest , has been sung at every coronation ceremony since .
in 2012 , 39 % of adults in the uk had a smartphone .
in britain , this is probably the reason why people overestimated how much the richest people own , how many young people are still living at home and what proportion of the population are immigrants ( the guess is 25 % , when it is really only 13 % ) .
i got a degree in spanish and this helped me get my ﬁrst job as a journalist , with an international press agency in mexico city .
many people who shower less still use deodorant and hand-washing with soap is still a vital way to reduce the spread of many diseases .
they include a test people can use at home , which looks for specific antibodies against different foods in the blood .
the average speed in the world is about 3.9mbps .
tua pittman is very happy with what the congress has decided for the world ’ s oceans .
they can use these points to get things they need .
“ it was both modern and retro .
they might one day use solar energy to remove salt from sea water .
it is a beer brewed by women that anyone can drink , ” she says .
in 2011 the government said that the three claimants should sue the kenyan government because it became legally responsible after independence in 1963 .
“ the main reason they stopped riding bikes was because of hills. ” pedego has opened nearly 60 stores in the us .
prince harry has left afghanistan at the end of a four-month tour .
and , she always needs to be able to name or describe the staff .
coal can also produce sulphur emissions – these lead to acid rain – and mercury and soot-particle pollution .
€492,000 , to be exact .
these attacks may have been more to do with his imagination .
the big increase is in adult deaths .
there are other crowdfunding sites , such as kickstarter , seedrs and funding circle , but indiegogo is the only crowdfunding site where anyone can start a campaign .
scientists hope that it will help us to see and understand more of the ancient solar system and the origins of planets .
it went to the top of the uk album chart and gave him a top 10 single , jump they say .
“ for many years , hunting was a part of life in poland .
it was a beautiful summer evening and i decided to go for a swim from doolin pier in county clare , ireland , where i moved in 2012 .
as in the last few years , john lewis showed a short film on tv and social media using the hashtag # onthemoon before it showed the full advert .
i hope that , one day , this can become normal. ” morace played for italy in 153 internationals .
all species of hyena walk much like a bear because their front legs are longer than their back .
pate k chon , who works with hiv sufferers in liberia , has found a solution .
fan also said that the mirror could cool buildings but it would not slow down global warming .
in india , it is known as the chaldean syrian church .
this page is about all reflecting pools ; for the pools in washington , d.c. , go to lincoln memorial reflecting pool and united states capitol .
experts fear that restaurants hear so many people say that they have allergies ( when maybe that is not true ) that they may not be careful enough when they give food to a person who has a real allergy .
google has made maps of the world ’ s highest mountains , the ocean floor , the amazon rainforest and even shown us a bit of north korea .
speaking at the same meeting , derrick taff , a social scientist at pennsylvania state university , said that listening to recordings from national parks , of waterfalls , birdsong and wind , helped people feel less stressed .
there are other parts of your life .
redmond says he has shown that the motor can compress two minutes of air into the device and that a person can hold the device in their mouth .
they held up banners that said “ no wi-fi .
“ we were all in the apostolic palace , ” he said .
when you breathe in , you ’ re pulling the muscle of your diaphragm flat so that the volume of your chest increases – this pulls the air into your lungs .
do not excuse your actions with that of others .
the last mummy film made over $ 100 million in the usa and over $ 400 million worldwide .
let ’ s come together .
the city is now stricter on noise in bars and nightclubs – and , at the same time , it has introduced new rules on noise .
the average six-year-old child understands more about digital technology than a 45-year-old adult , a new report says .
“ in the beginning , when there started to be explosions , i used to have nightmares , ” she said .
brighton is a city of iowa in the united states .
but , there is already some automation of cars .
more than 40 people were taken to hospital – most of them were hurt by flying glass .
some cities have pigeons .
he says , “ thanks to facebook , companies have a better understanding of their customers than ever before .
bernard haitink first conducted the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .
it became known as the " water ski capital of the world " because many of the sport 's major " firsts " and over 50 world records were broken there .
“ the canoe is our island , the crew is the community and the navigator is the leader , ” he says .
her husband was allergic to dog hair .
digital understanding is highest between 14 and 15 years old – this age group have an average dq of 113 .
the first new domain names will probably be in use before the end of 2013 .
around 1,100 mud volcanoes have been found on land and in shallow water .
from 1938 , newer ss uniforms featured the shoulder boards of a german oberst as well as the oak leaf collar patches .
whales are not usually right next to ships and so would hear noise of about 60 to 90 decibels – around the level of a vacuum cleaner .
she changed the politics of a whole generation .
the mesolithic man , who lived in spain about 7,000 years ago , had an unusual mix of blue eyes , black or brown hair and dark skin .
he also says that his programme burns an extra 150 calories in the 12 hours after exercise .
it 's the third game released in the castlevania series , and stars trevor blemont , simon belmont 's ancestor .
linda mcavan , labour mep for yorkshire and the humber , said : “ we know that it is children , not adults , who start smoking .
and , sometimes , i have to start work at five in the morning. ” job satisfaction : “ i love presenting live tv and having to think quickly , ” says ryan .
this is probably one of the sources of sarasvati / benzaiten 's close link with snakes and dragons in japan .
the foreign office said it will appeal against the decision .
“ hopefully , next time , it won ’ t be in the eleventh hour .
among this group are species with some of the most potent poisons of all snakes .
the 1977 atlantic hurricane season started on june 1 , 1977 and ended on november 30 , 1977 .
most of the women feel uncomfortable going to classes with male students they don ’ t know , the volunteers say .
in 1972 the bunker was set on fire .
japanese entrepreneur takahito iguchi thinks google glasses are not cool .
he is planning britain ’ s first “ astrovillage ” – it would have the largest public observatory in the world , a 100-seat auditorium , a 100-seat planetarium , and radiomagnetic and solar telescopes .
“ hair can not show if you are allergic or not so testing hair can not give any useful information on allergies. ” “ i often see children who are on very limited diets – their parents believe that they have allergies because they have taken 'allergy tests ' that do not work , ” said paul seddon , an allergy doctor for children .
“ my work improves the health and hygiene of whole communities. ” 4 .
a few days after he performed at the freddie mercury tribute concert at wembley stadium in april 1992 , bowie married the somalian model iman and bought a home in new york .
it ’ s isolated .
to make the atlas , the scientists recorded people ’ s brain activity while they listened to stories .
“ the boat looks like it has been in the water for a long time , ” fjeldstad said .
the impacts appear to have blown big volumes off the asteroid , as suggested by the angular edges of the craters .
clinical trials with als patients showed that riluzole gives a better chance of survival by several months , mainly in those with a hard time swallowing .
at a swimming pool in bristol , she taught me some simple ways to help me hold my breath for longer while swimming underwater .
apple connect is somewhere in the middle of youtube , facebook and soundcloud .
mcdonald ’ s says that its worldwide sales have fallen by 3.3 % .
since he first presented them to the public in texas , they have attracted $ 5 million from investors .
history the district was formed in 1994 by joining the two previous districts marienberg and zschopau .
to see what driverless cars might look like on the road , go to the video at : vimeo.com/37751380 .
carney said that banknotes are not just practical – they “ can be a piece of art in everyone ’ s pocket ” .
the hubble space telescope saw fortuna in 1993 .
to help in showing the sizes of different geographic regions , areas between 1 km ² -lrb- 100 hectares -rrb- and 10 km ² -lrb- 1000 hectares -rrb- are listed below .
! ” why are numbers in another language such a problem ?
turner was born in 1775 in london , the son of a barber , and he went to the royal academy schools at the age of 14 .
it is about 18 inches -lrb- 46 cm -rrb- deep on the sides and 30 inches -lrb- 76 cm -rrb- deep in the middle .
but there was no trouble at the independence celebrations on wednesday .
you think , ‘ ok , the summer is over .
the crescent moon represents a young nation on the rise .
when larry pizzi first heard about electric bikes nearly 20 years ago , he asked : “ why would anyone want to spoil a bike by putting a motor and batteries on it ? ” it ’ s a question that some people still ask .
there are three times more children with certain allergies now compared to 30 years ago .
the main techniques used to make an old master print are woodcut , engraving and etching .
you probably know a vaper – someone who smokes e-cigarettes .
and what happens when that elder is in prison ?
they put memories in the brains of mice by changing individual neurons .
the house of commons questioned starbucks .
a long time ago , cinema audiences were taken to a galaxy far , far away .
the importance of clean water is becoming harder and harder to ignore – for example , there is another summer of drought in california .
brunswick is a city in the u.s. state of georgia and the county seat of glynn county .
the tinies can be just eight to eleven years old. ” the youngest members protect their seniors from risk .
“ food waste is happening in countries where people have more money , so they can throw away food .
after her grandfather 's death in 1850 she was trained to teach , but after few times she saw that napoleon iii prevented her from serving in a state school .
because of that , colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion .
people will criticize the research : including so many studies in the analysis could make the results unreliable .
but food in liberia is very expensive .
they were almost dead !
the team also walked along part of a 15km road known as the road to nowhere , despite warnings about meeting polar bears .
independent legal experts said they were worried about the intelligence committee ’ s bill .
it involved the wcw wrestlers " invading " wwf television to try to " take over " the wwf .
the controversial catching and killing of sharks longer than three metres began after what the state government called an “ unprecedented ” number of shark attacks on western australia ’ s coast , which saw a 35-year-old surfer killed in november 2013 .
“ we studied a group of current london taxi drivers and a group of retired london taxi drivers , ” said dr hugo spiers of university college london , who is an author of the study .
for this reason , some former referees have started to complain about standards .
the polygraph is often used in the us in criminal cases and by the fbi and cia but is much less popular in europe .
24 farm workers , who were without weapons , were killed by british troops – their families are now fighting for a public inquiry .
he was criticised for the un 's failure to act during the 1994 rwandan genocide , which officially left about 937,000 people dead , and he appeared unable to muster support in the un for intervention in the continuing angolan civil war .
the images are so detailed that , if the spacecraft flew over london , we would be able to see the runways at heathrow airport .
professor robert west , who collected the data for the toolkit , described the ﬁgures as statistically important .
there may now be a new inquest .
feinstein defended the nsa phone data collection programme , but said that people didn ’ t trust the nsa anymore .
one difficulty was how to place on the map many businesses and homes that have mail sent to the local post office and not delivered to their address .
new research shows that underwater noise could stop these animals communicating and make it more difficult for them to find food .
the banks said no .
one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways , and we learn more about why the airplane crashed and the stories of many of the survivors .
the tests will continue , to help nasa learn about what happens to the human body during spaceflight .
if you have no fresh water and it doesn ’ t rain for a few days , so you can ’ t collect rainwater , you will die. ” also , some people are more able to survive than others .
lots of young children died .
the lawyer , named brandon , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
eleven people voted for the bill and four people voted against it .
mystery shoppers who film their visits with a hidden camera can earn even more – around £300 a day .
many of the workers are from morocco , which is just 14km away , across the sea .
they are going to use the containers because they want to show that if people are antisocial they do not get better accommodation .
he misses dinner dates .
ninety-six people died at sheffield wednesday ’ s hillsborough stadium in 1989 .
“ first we noticed the wind , and then the room was filled with a very bright light and we could see smoke in the sky , ” she said .
it started as an unimportant race in 1996 , but because cycling became very popular in germany it was made a part of the uci road world cup in 1998 .
but ... well , it feels nice , standing here .
you can use the gluten-free grain instead of wheat flour in anything from bread and pasta to waffles and pizza bases .
singer jarvis cocker said , “ it seems stupid to have something happening in front of you and look at it on a screen that ’ s smaller than a cigarette packet. ” even in the world of classical music , one of the world ’ s top pianists surprised the audience in june 2013 when he left the stage because a fan was filming his performance on a smartphone .
most people also blame humans – humans damage ecosystems , create climate change and destroy habitats .
he also said the heat caused him to hallucinate : “ i was dizzy from the middle of the ﬁ rst set and then i saw snoopy and i thought , 'wow , snoopy – that ’ s weird .
facebook hasn ’ t changed that yet , he believes .
“ eels are beautiful animals and working with eels helps whole river systems .
it is sweden ’ s first beer that is made by women .
“ allowing private companies to register geographical names as gtlds to profit from the meaning of these names is not , in our view , in the public interest , ” the brazilian ministry of science and technology said .
the new method monitors movements in the whole body , which can show that the person is feeling guilty .
six years later , in the summer of 2011 , there were riots in london and other uk cities .
in 2002 , only 27,000 tourists came to visit the kashmir valley .
and , that ’ s an important step towards improving road safety and helping millions of people travel around more easily. ” so far , the google versions of the driverless cars have driven 700,000 miles without an accident caused by the computer .
by analysing the style and size of people ’ s shoes , the system can identify a customer ’ s gender with 75-80 % accuracy .
when i hear someone say , 'oh , i can ’ t lose weight ' , i say : 'sellotape .
it can also cross breed with other acacias , including the rare and endangered sydney species acacia pubescens .
the city of sunderland has been commended several times on its commitment to preserving its natural environment .
food industry experts said the global financial crisis in 2008 forced luxury hotels to save money .
the cars have been built specially by a company in detroit .
buying a similar flat would cost about £130,000 .
as a result of this , more and more young adults are returning to the family home to save money .
the wind is too strong ! ” said henning mayer from germany .
an engineering company in tokyo has a solution : an underground bicycle park .
charity the third of the five pillars of islam says that muslims must give about one-fortieth of their wealth to charity as zakat .
“ i saw these people in calais every day and i wanted to do something for them , ” she said .
cameron will try to calm tensions when he makes another statement on the result .
“ it matters very much , ” said moira austin of an allergy charity .
daniel craig will play bond and the same people have written the script .
it is located on the river dordogne where the isle joins it .
this street sign is often stolen .
some drinks such as ales and stouts e.g. guinness rely on this effect to produce the ' head ' on the surface of the poured product .
in 1887 , vacheron constantin became a stock company .
most mennonites are in the united states and democratic republic of congo , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
we need to know what characteristics this shopper has and that , when those characteristics are present , this is what a person usually does. ” this technology makes it possible to predict what a person may or may not do in a shop .
the term is used in contrast to reduced instruction set computer -lrb- risc -rrb- .
boehner talked about “ the need for both parties to find common ground and take steps together to help our economy grow and create jobs , which is critical to solving our debt ” .
backup all the system , including user data to an installable live cd / dvd .
the total was 121 billion minutes in december 2012 , but that fell to 115 billion minutes in february .
for example , the people from india who did the survey really overestimated their population ’ s access to the internet .
the national theatre , the royal shakespeare company and almost every other theatre production company in the country will celebrate the anniversary .
but things change very quickly .
who is the inventor of the atm ?
underground digging would soon cause buildings to crack and collapse .
it was an unusual 16th birthday .
then the county seat moved to the town of blakeley in 1810 , and then to the city of daphne in 1868 .
scientists from britain , germany and the netherlands are coming here to find out how the country has saved wolves who have a bad reputation even in fairy tales .
the wolf in bottom stands for the former capital city pritzwalk , as walk is from the slavonic wolk meaning wolf .
the results showed that the retired taxi drivers did worse on navigation tests than the current drivers .
inside one mansion , the ceiling has collapsed and water drips through a huge crystal chandelier onto a thick carpet , which is rotting .
spider kiss -lrb- first called rockabilly -rrb- is a 1961 book that was written by harlan ellison .
for this reason , primary schools can see the benefits of the daily mile .
the officials included the former brazilian federation chief ricardo teixeira and his successor , marco polo del nero .
the capital city of new south wales is sydney .
this interest shows the power of star wars .
two and a half men is an american television series which was first shown on cbs on september 22 , 2003 .
it also had the first ecw talent .
brazilians think the average age in their country is 56 , when it is only 31 .
the vultures are fighting disease , while most humans ignore the danger .
in his later life he made many stereo recordings with the columbia symphony orchestra .
it is now the centre for four linked solar mega-plants .
all were tested between 2007 and 2010 on three different things : stamina , handgrip strength and lower-body power .
however , the mineralogy of the x-type asteroids is not known well enough to force this further .
the site charges a 4 % fee for successful campaigns .
its label is similar to rosie the riveter , created as part of a us second world war poster .
hunt is one of a new group of entrepreneurs who are trying to get money from the fast-growing crowdfunding industry to start their businesses .
the coat of arms was granted about 1350 , when six towns of upper lusatia founded a confederacy .
when the reality is so strange and varied , it is not surprising that we ’ re often so wrong .
“ if finding peace and quiet becomes too difficult , many children will grow up without the experience and i think it ’ s a very big problem , ” he said .
faehrmann said the protests had shown australians wanted sharks protected : “ what ’ s amazing is so many people in australia love sharks .
but even short flights from a mobile landing place could cause serious problems , he said .
in india , people who did the online survey think 60 % of the whole country also has internet access , when really only 19 % do .
the report found that , in parts of rural kenya and in south africa , 30 to 40 % of people who escaped from poverty fell back again .
“ we are starting with pizzaexpress but they are not the only company who do this .
helene was a long-lived cape verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the north atlantic ocean , peaking as a category 3 hurricane on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale as it traveled across the central atlantic .
“ it is outrageous that anyone can steal an artist ’ s work without punishment .
that change is very obvious in latin america , the middle east and south-east and even south asia , murray said .
now , however , google is starting a very important update to hundreds of years of polar map making – and it hopes that the map will help give a better understanding of life on the permafrost for millions of web users .
this data shows what we were eating 40 years ago but , also , how a change in culture has led to a food revolution .
robert johnson , born robert leroy johnson -lrb- may 8 , 1911 – august 16 , 1938 -rrb- is one of the most famous delta blues musicians .
it is based on voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .
he had his first hit in 1952 with three o ’ clock blues .
the forecasters now said that franklin could " attain and maintain hurricane strength " and make a close approach to bermuda .
after two years of successful ads with cute animals – a bear and hare , then a penguin – this time , the story is about a young girl , lily , who sees an old man living in a small wooden house on the moon through her telescope .
next door , a saudi princess spent £35m on a new house and i ’ ve never seen her .
“ we were able to show that their abilities decreased after they stopped using their knowledge. ” spiers also believes it is dangerous to rely on technologies like gps .
“ but acea fully accepts that the regulation will apply to new types of cars from september 2017. ” when eu representatives finally agreed a regulation for nitrogen oxide limits – with stricter road trials and monitoring of exhaust fumes – acea sent the european commission their own draft regulation .
the image of charon shows an area of cliffs about 1,000km long .
the foods most often found in british bins are bread , vegetables , fruit and milk .
the name comes from the nahuatl word for the shrub , achiotl .
stories of survival in the pacific ocean are not rare .
when thinking about the future of transportation , it ’ s also important to think about why people travel : they may be going to work , to meet friends or family , or to do the shopping .
enrique granados -lrb- born lérida , spain , 27 july 1867 ; died in the english channel , 24 march 1916 -rrb- was a spanish composer and pianist .
“ i ’ m really excited by this , ” said marin soljačić , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
“ you are not going to be healthier if you eat organic food , ” he said .
origin the first records show that it was part of urartu , later it became a province of the armenian kingdom around 600 bc .
animal-rights groups and environmentalists ( people who want to protect the natural world ) have criticized it .
there was also an extra group of 32 grenadiers from one of the swiss mercenary regiments brought to paris by the king shortly before 14 july .
al-mahalah tripoli is a football club which plays in libya .
adam smith , a graduate student of the college , is one of its best known students .
“ they usually give me between £5 and £20 to spend at each store , to check the service i receive at the till , ” says mystery shopper laura .
its logo , which is the floral emblem of scotland , shows that the britannica was a scottish business .
there are pigeons in its huge , high-ceiling halls and its walls are bright green with algae .
“ and it ’ s creative .
as norma dissipated , moisture from the cyclone was captured in a large extratropical low .
it had been intended to build the line past walthamstow central to wood street -lrb- walthamstow -rrb- , where it would come above ground to terminate next to the british railways station .
in the rich london district of south kensington , the older pupils at one school all have apple phones .
“ you can sniff or inject shisha and you can make it at home – you don ’ t need any special knowledge .
for many , bbm is a distant memory .
this was very extremely controversial within the largely pacifist green party , because it meant that , for the first time since world war ii , german soldiers would actively go into combat .
stegosaurian chewing teeth were small and triangular and did little grinding as they lacked wear surfaces .
but moving people and equipment around the vast arctic territory is very expensive .
people are worried about these things and , because of this , they overestimate .
i have to realize there are some things out of my control. ” 5 pepper spray after police sprayed peaceful protesters with pepper spray at a university of california campus in 2011 , kamran loghman , one of the scientists who helped develop the spray in the 80s said , “ i have never seen such an inappropriate use of chemicals. ” 6 the ofﬁce cubicle in the late 60s , a new kind of ofﬁce was made to give workers privacy and increase how well and how quickly people work by giving more work space .
the color 's name is derived from the typical color of the drink champagne .
dr. david lindenmeyer , -lrb- australian national university -rrb- , has said that the need to make nest boxes showed that logging was removing too many older trees with hollows needed by species like leadbeater 's possum .
another event is the 300th anniversary of the birth of lancelot “ capability ” brown , who designed the grounds .
before hurricane beulah there was a tropical wave moving in the tropical atlantic .
in interviews during his time based at camp bastion in helmand province , the prince , known as captain wales in the army , explained his 'three mes ' .
not just about me , but about everything and everybody .
the mice froze because they were scared .
the story began when the hankyu-hanshin hotel group admitted that it gave false descriptions of menu items at some of its restaurants between 2006 and october 2013 .
in the 11th and 12th century soest grew a lot , making it one of the biggest cities in westphalia with some 10,000 citizens .
a large set of block ciphers use the scheme , including the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .
thompson has promised more organic food and “ build your own burgers ” .
he was digging in the car park , a place that local historians and the richard iii society said was probably the site of the lost church of grey friars .
it is possible that the berber muslim almoravids came from the area .
winkelmann said lamborghini ’ s indian customers were much younger than european customers .
“ that ’ s worrying because their food , a kind of salmon , is already quite scarce .
the three former referees all agree that new technology in the sport is great .
licence to kill made the least money of all bond films and moore ’ s final film , a view to a kill , the second least .
instead , he said those things might be popular because we feel we need to do something and hate doing nothing .
to succeed as an ethical hacker , you need … a passion for technology and detail .
so what does he think now ?
a doll is a child 's toy that looks like a baby or other human being .
and i believe we do have a big effect on that and we have the ability to change it , if we want to. ” kelly was very active on social media so many people follow him online .
in africa , the sahara is getting bigger – it is moving south at a rate of 30 miles per year .
the us has recently protected nearly 40,000 square miles of the atlantic to save a species of whale with just 500 individuals left .
current stations most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question .
i think , after you ’ ve been married for a longer time , you don ’ t keep many secrets. ” and over the year , the young founder says he ’ s got to know the boyfriends really well .
stuart buchanan as humbert the huntsman : the huntsman is a kind-hearted person who can not bear to kill snow white , even when the queen orders him to take the princess 's heart .
it has stopped growing in the us , uk and other major european countries .
adults aged between 45 and 49 scored an average of 96 .
both mothers gave birth at the tambo memorial hospital in boksburg , east of johannesburg , on the same day in 2010 .
let ’ s dance turned bowie into a global rock star – the album and its singles let ’ s dance , china girl and modern love all became huge international hits .
“ i don ’ t think any other movie franchise could cause this much excitement. ” the latest star wars mania started after disney bought lucasfilm from star wars creator , george lucas , in 2012 .
to be sure that the food supply is safe .
in belgium , the netherlands , switzerland and in three american states it is legal to help someone to die in these circumstances .
the team was started by alexander cartwright , who is said to be one of the original developers of modern baseball .
cities don ’ t often move .
the report says progress on poverty reduction has helped people who were already closer to the poverty line , but has helped the chronically poor much less .
and this increases the poaching .
the stanford mirror reflects 97 % of the visible light that falls on it .
oyez is from an anglo-norman word for listen .
in october 1983 , the grameen bank project was made into an independent bank by the government .
the temple of jupiter , capitolium , or temple of the capitoline triad was a temple in the roman city of pompeii in italy .
and , around the coast of australia , whales are in danger from oil and gas drilling , as well as japan ’ s recent decision to start whaling again in the seas of antarctica .
the first author , margaret atwood , gave the manuscript of a text called scribbler moon to the project in 2015 .
history vaihingen is an old city , going back as far as the year 799 a.d ..
“ since the dictatorship , brazilians have never demonstrated like this .
the taliban sent a gunman to shoot malala yousafzai in october 2012 as she went home on a bus after school .
big efforts have been made in recent years to increase the number of those who carry an organ donation card , with a lot of success .
she has enjoyed £200 meals at michelin- starred restaurants and overnight stays at expensive hotels .
it smells like rotten eggs. ” job satisfaction : “ i find it very satisfying to know that i am helping people to earn more money and also allowing girls to go to school because they don ’ t need to collect firewood , ” says paudel .
some trails are meant as nature trails , and are used by people learning about the natural world .
“ it is the wrong time for this , ” complains bar-owner william walker .
“ they always believed the law was broken and that they had a right to their privacy. ” the royal couple are pleased with the decision , but they want to have a much more public criminal trial against the magazine and photographer or photographers .
he is called saint james the greater to distinguish -lrb- mark as different -rrb- him from the other apostle named james -lrb- james , son of alphaeus -rrb- .
a condiment is a prepared food that is put to other food , to make the food tastier or taste different .
through their spending on property , vehicles and holidays , it is estimated that each winner keeps six people in a full-time job for a year .
google says it wants to license the technology to traditional car makers when they have improved it .
in 2014 , the department store also spent £7 million on a campaign with a penguin and a young boy playing together .
nobody can say exactly who moocs are for .
she was in poor health for many years , suffering from dementia .
the name is thought to come from greta river in cumberland , england .
on october 16 , 1990 , the un general assembly gave the icrc observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings , the first observer status given to a private organization .
the mayor , eberhard van der laan , says his new plan to solve the problem of antisocial behaviour will cost £810,000 .
eyde used the power of the 100-metre rjukanfossen waterfall to make hydroelectricity in what was , at that time , the world ’ s biggest power plant .
“ metadata programmes , like the nsa ’ s , will show very private information about ordinary people , ” the scientists said .
baumgartner has done lots of dangerous things before .
mcdonald ’ s has always had a reputation for fast service at low prices .
the huge distances have created some very different world cup experiences .
it is easier to use than most programs used for three dimensional drawings .
he warned that the false memories created in the mice in the experiments were far simpler than the complex false memories people have , such as false memories of childhood sexual abuse , abduction by aliens , or “ past lives ” .
neodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol nd on the periodic table .
references other websites lark rise to candleford at bbc .
in the forest , mitchell read a short story and a poem .
max and moritz as well as many of his other picture stories were early examples of the what became the modern comic strip .
reindeer mate in october , and the males mate with as many females as possible .
there is a law that says names must be able to have icelandic grammatical endings and should be written using the ordinary rules of icelandic spelling .
she always liked to show off , sing and dance .
the bulldog , known as the british bulldog or english bulldog , is a medium-size breed of dog that originated in england .
in 2012 , scientists chose the formal name flerovium for element 114 , after the flerov lab at dubna ’ s joint institute of research .
he knows lots of people will criticize him .
the stories had to be interesting so that the people in the experiment would listen to the words and not fall asleep .
among americans who say they are republicans , current polls say that he has 25-30 % of the vote .
“ you go to south-east asia and this is a common thing .
the most common symptoms include shortness of breath , weakness , and feeling tired .
in contrast to the hollywood portrait of schizophrenics , disturbed people are commonly no more prone to violence than sane individuals .
but this percentage stopped rising in 2014 .
the main dangers for castaways are cold and a lack of drinking water .
but trying to do that in streaming is not the same thing .
“ at the most , we ’ ll pay £15 to £25 plus expenses for a meal for two or a hotel stay , for example .
he said he would attend a third questioning session when he got back to israel .
north west cape is a large piece of land on the north west coast of western australia .
becker defeated jim courier in straight sets to win the 1992 association of tennis professionals tour world title .
live at wembley ' 86 is a set of two discs recorded by english rock band queen .
“ foreigners are usually not direct targets , ” the new guidelines said , less than a year after the fighting in 2010 .
many studies show that you ’ re more likely to sleep badly if you ’ re poor .
these solutions make recycling faster , reduce emissions and create alternatives to plastic , air conditioning , smartphones and fast fashion that are better for the environment .
now it ’ s here , people love it . ”
inside , the observatory ’ s founder and lead astronomer , gary fildes , speaks to his colleagues and volunteers .
“ passing out with heat stroke , it ’ s not normal .
less than a hundred years after the discovery of penicillin , we are beginning to lose the fight .
house prices in london are rising at 11.2 % a year .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and swore to defend the northern region of france against raids by other viking groups .
in august , before her concerts at the hammersmith apollo in london , bush asked her fans to put down their mobile phones at her gigs .
the adoption rate was very good .
she paints cars at the volvo factory outside the city .
without a refrigerator ( none are made in france ) , he had to chill his food on the window ledge .
the bells of lüdinghausen were said to chime by themselves , whenever liudger entered the town .
at the bottom of the balloon was a capsule , where baumgartner sat in his suit .
apple was able to persuade consumers to pay for downloads and it grew a really big business with an estimated 70 % market share .
“ it ’ s not surprising people put on earphones , ” he said .
cameron has also often worked in christianity-related movies , among them the post-rapture movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
in the early 1970s , barry mazur thought about generalizations of iwasawa theory to abelian types .
it ’ s going to be a long battle . ”
you can ’ t say to the politicians that wolves are a big tourist attraction .
it was designed with a bite taken out of it so that it would not look like a cherry .
some are good at climbing , with long balancing tails and other way to help them to climb , while others can swim , with webbed feet and small external ears .
“ i ’ m not sure she ’ s read the novel because it hasn ’ t been translated yet. ” emmanuelle allibert , spokeswoman for publisher jc lattès , said taking legal action was “ crazy ” .
werner karl heisenberg -lrb- december 5 , 1901 - february 1 , 1976 -rrb- was a german physicist , nobel prize winner and one of the people who started a new area of physics called quantum mechanics .
across the road , in the nye tider café , sits the man who created this happiness .
that same year he acted with matt damon , ben affleck , and chris o ' donnell in school ties in -lrb- 1992 -rrb- .
a later start to the day for many , says kelley , “ is something that would benefit all people , particularly families .
we had a great time .
they seem to be light , but they carry a lot of water – around 500 tonnes in a small cloud .
the clinic was very modern and stayed in the control of the binswanger family for nearly 120 years .
everyone ’ s wearing the same uniform and doing the same kind of thing .
“ the age of the music festival peaked about two years ago , ” he said , speaking at the hay festival of literature and arts in wales .
chinese inequality levels are now similar to those in south africa , which is now the most unequal country on earth. ” in the us , the share of national income that goes to the top 1 % of people has doubled since 1980 from 10 % to 20 % , the report says .
ideas and works that can be copied at zero cost , or almost zero cost .
about one third of all nitrogen oxide pollution comes from road transport – mostly diesel – and , in cities , concentrations can be as high as 64 % , according to european environment agency data .
on just one day recently , it had 330,000 hits .
they do n't exist anymore , except in northern ireland where their old areas are used as the areas for lieutenancy .
he decided that a fair trial was possible , especially because thousands of secret documents from the colonial era were found in 2011 .
a quark model was made by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
most people will first read an item of news on facebook or other social media , mostly on mobiles .
he said the referendum was a “ triumph for democratic politics ” and he said he would work with the government in london in the best interests of scotland and the rest of the uk .
the city is famous for its football -lrb- soccer -rrb- club fc schalke 04 .
why do people want to be a football referee ?
this second new film will be released in may 2018 .
in 1187 , saladin defeated the armies of the crusades at the battle of hattin , mainly because he cut the crusaders off from the valuable fresh water of the sea of galilee .
life in many developing country cities could become very difﬁcult , especially because city temperatures are already higher than those in the countryside .
“ the number of people who use e-cigarettes while continuing to smoke is going down , ” west said .
families get points for the garbage they collect .
the prime minister wants to move fast to show that the three main uk party leaders will keep the promises they made during the referendum campaign .
few senior economists in the u.s. agreed with keynes in the 1930s .
etymology and usage " lyric " is from the greek ; a lyric was originally a song sung with a lyre .
pizzaexpress says they mention the admin fee at the bottom of the menus .
in 1847 parts of caldwell county , iredell county , and wilkes county were put together to make alexander county .
in 2005 , a man called john shepherd-barron received a uk honour as the “ inventor of the automatic cash dispenser ” .
we tell people they are anti-stress books so people are allowed to enjoy something they thought was childish before , ” she said .
“ the move to bring blackberry to the iphone is four or five years too late , ” says james gooderson , a technology blogger .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju riot .
it was to be the most commercially successful period of his career .
adults spent 33 % of their time using devices emailing .
when he was on vacation in london , fraser went to see his first show in the west end .
the golden gloves are open to all non-professional boxers age 16 and over .
wahlenbergia species have spread widely , even to oceanic islands , and there are four species known from the island of st helena , including the now extinct species w. roxburghii .
one hundred years ago , venice – one of the most beautiful and low-lying cities in the world – used to flood about ten times a year .
koop was unusual in his style , and well known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties .
of the moons found by the voyager 2 imaging team , only puck was found early enough that the probe could be programmed to take pictures of it in some detail .
bowie was born david robert jones in south london .
the 50 cloud types fit into nine categories .
on july 19 , 2000 , he joined as a part-time member of the supergroup jam project with other members - hironobu kageyama , masaaki endoh , eizo sakamoto , and rica matsumoto .
the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
path , the mobile phone-based social network started by ex-facebook employee dave morin , is gaining 1 million users a week .
however there are some performances that take place before and after the official dates .
“ we need better roads , reliable electricity .
a report by the world health organization ( who ) says that 35.6 % of all women around the world will experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetime , usually from a male partner .
poundland said it had no idea who removed the 4ft x 5ft mural from the side of its shop .
in smithson 's will , he stated that should his nephew , henry james hungerford , die without heirs , the smithson estate would go to the united states of america for creating an " establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men " .
worst part of the job : “ working at unusual hours of the day , ” says ryan .
they also want to do more studies of new york .
“ i would like to thank all my players and staff , past and present , for an incredible level of professionalism and hard work that has helped to bring so many memorable triumphs .
the prize was not one of the awards set out in the will of alfred nobel .
but most young users limit who can see their profiles – 60 % allow friends only .
your salary will rise to between £50,000 and £80,000 .
an oratorio is a piece of music for orchestra , choir and solo singers .
the faith emphasizes unity and defense of fellow muslims , so it is common for these nations to cooperate .
this has demonstrated something about the national psyche , that , despite jaws , despite all the fear , people are coming out in their thousands across the country to say , 'that ’ s their ocean .
seven-year-old zhorna akter sumayya has two older brothers – they both work ( one at a restaurant , one at a local club ) .
there are three main problems in miami .
researcher timothy wilson said that the results were probably not because of the speed of modern life or because of mobile phones and social media .
the authors of the study believe that the most likely explanation is that children born in autumn get more vitamin d over the summer months towards the end of pregnancy .
but we ’ re going to have to look at these other problems .
he has , however , managed to nail his own legs to a table , and accidentally knocked neil out during a game of cricket .
one weekend they created the recipe ; the next weekend they brewed 1,600 litres .
“ it is very difficult to find your first home here , ” cantwell says .
satan represents all of the things christianity has called sins , as they all lead to pleasure of some kind .
the corpses were often left there for months .
maybe he will fly with private spaceflight companies , which are becoming more and more popular .
the bronx , with its diverse neighbourhoods and stations , had the greatest diversity of bacteria ; staten island , with just three stops , had the lowest diversity of bacteria .
the fire came close to the loy yang power station , and the station 's open-cut coal mine .
it is one of the oldest motor racing tracks in the world .
she writes : “ copyright closes the door on the many ways that people can share , build upon and remix each other ’ s work , possibilities that we could not imagine when those laws were made. ” she says artists need to think reatively about how they earn money from their work .
he is a man who took out loans for almost half a million euros and never paid the money back .
they may be removed for several reasons , including difficulty breathing through the nose and having ear infections .
“ that was the problem with harriet , ” said cardew .
these layers help the mirror to release heat .
barack obama called mandela by his clan name – madiba .
it is the first study to show clear differences between organic and regular fruits , vegetables and cereals .
a subway system has billions of inhabitants : the bacteria of swiss cheese and kimchi , plague and human skin .
mama fresh is a family company that sells injera to top restaurants and hotels in the ethiopian capital .
he believes that attracting international students onto university courses is not the main aim of moocs .
my first thought was that it was a plane crash. ” in fact , it was a ten-tonne meteorite that fell to earth in lots of pieces .
felix baumgartner stood at the edge of space above new mexico and paused for a moment .
i asked how she did it : very slow breathing for several minutes before each dive , then a big , deep breath before diving in .
the polish government pays compensation to farmers when a wolf kills their farm animals .
“ i can ’ t see when i breathe out. ” but they decided to continue , and a record 8 million people watched live on youtube .
governments in europe dream of finding a magic solution to rising unemployment .
hartmann was only 39 when he died in 1873 .
the shop , which has “ ice cream , coffee , dreams ” written on its signs , is taking advantage of local people ’ s curiosity about ice cream – and the shop is also “ changing lives ” , says inzozi nziza ’ s manager , louise ingabire .
the law allows the nsa to watch customers of companies who live outside the us or americans who communicate with people outside the us .
the manuscript is now , says the author , “ gone from me like a coin i ’ ve dropped in a river ” .
“ they ’ re not planning to deliver in areas where nobody lives ; they ’ re planning to deliver from a warehouse to the consumer , which will probably be in a town or city , ” he said .
“ it ’ s a huge reward for all the effort that we made to be here .
there are hundreds of minute south china sea islands , collectively an archipelago .
piper later got a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine smash hits .
allen , who loves dancing , has never done any formal training to be a fitness instructor .
luckily , all ways has an outdoor patio .
“ starbucks is a really great target because it is on every high street in the country so people can take action in their local areas , ” she said .
kelley says that synchronized hours could have “ many positive effects .
surprisingly , to achieve this you have to fool the diaphragm .
it could be even more difficult to get the legal permissions to copy and store software before it dies .
“ i prepare and research as much information as possible on every product , ” says shaun ryan , presenter for ideal world tv .
moundou lies on one of the main roads in southern chad .
male bosses are paid bonuses double the size of bonuses given to female colleagues in the same jobs .
“ we feel the film is about hope , bravery and the ability to change your life , ” says lisa fruchtman .
the downton tourists are part of a growing phenomenon .
that same year he also received a mechanics license , becoming the youngest licensed airplane mechanic in new york .
when it is finished , visitors will be able to climb up into the tower to an exhibition of the work of the architect of the houses of parliament , sir charles barry , who also rebuilt highclere castle between 1839 and 1842 .
they got similar results .
he told the guardian that the applicants so far were aged 18 to at least 62 and , although they include women , they were mostly men .
there has been an increase in obesity in children in the uk but none of the children at this school are overweight .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry , and laurens railroad .
the areas must also prove their night skies are very dark .
a little later , the football club secretary arrived to pay the officials for their time – the match fee at level 5 is £95 so it is clear that these men do not do it for the money .
researchers in pittsburgh are trying to find a solution to bit rot .
the number of vapers who are smokers and ex- smokers rose until the end of 2013 , when 22 % of smokers and ex-smokers were vaping .
at st peter ’ s basilica , julia rochester , from london , still didn ’ t know what the pope ’ s resignation meant .
he said that , on the kent coast , the skies were “ the loveliest in all europe ” .
she also did a computer course when she was 88 .
cheaha mountain , often called mount cheaha , is the tallest point in the state of alabama .
the pictures show the duchess sunbathing topless while on holiday in the south of france .
companies are investing a lot of money in new websites that offer sophisticated and interactive courses to tens of thousands of students .
“ we do not know what might happen when animals begin interacting as part of a 'brain-net ' , ” he said .
fristrup ’ s team say that noise pollution more than doubles every 30 years .
many companies already have sleeping areas and huffington says that nap rooms in offices will become “ as common as conference rooms ” in the next two years .
in chemistry , a solution is a homogeneous mixture of one or more substances .
money is not the only thing , ” he said .
some of the most precious documents will be shown in an exhibition in london .
it is a beautiful landscape but it is under threat .
it was a small step away from the capsule , but a 24-mile drop back down to earth .
the strengthening trend stopped early on july 8 , due to wind shear , and bertha quickly weakened back to a category 1 hurricane that afternoon .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
it is often found growing on bread and on soft fruits such as bananas and grapes .
he will become a director of the club .
it is the capital of karbala province .
but the idea that driverless cars will replace taxis with human drivers has alarmed some people .
he added : “ the most beautiful moment was when i was standing on the landing area and mike todd [ the man who dressed baumgartner in his suit ] came and he had a smile on his face like a little kid. ” baumgartner said that he felt like todd ’ s son .
after difficult talks , the world parks congress agreed new targets for marine protected areas .
the black core of pencils is still called " lead " , even though it does not contain the element lead .
farmers in europe , israel and australia have also experimented with growing it .
when schidlof died from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet no longer existed .
fire salamanders can have a very long life .
according to the study , people born in the 1990s are making 4 % fewer car trips and travelling 18 % fewer miles per year , on average , than older generations did at the same time in their lives .
springville is a city of iowa in the united states .
it then seemed to change its behaviour to make the task easier for its partner .
helene turned into a " hybrid " storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon , with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric , frontal-like appearance .
on the 15 november 2003 a sprinter train going to ballarat was derailed -lrb- came off the tracks -rrb- between ballan and gordon hurting 61 people when it crashed into a car on a country railway crossing .
the results showed that a child ’ s month of birth could make big differences to their levels of fitness , muscle strength and ability to accelerate , all of which predict how good someone is at sport .
i think of her as a little sister – that is all. ” but it was difficult to create that brother-sister relationship .
we have known about driverless cars ever since google began testing the vehicles in 2012 but no-one really knows when driverless cars will become commonplace .
it matches wealthy people with entrepreneurs .
eastman and kotik played together in the early to mid 1970s .
the 43-year-old actor , who is from france , has lived in copenhagen for 20 years .
they say that the car is made with foam at the front and a plastic windscreen , so “ it should be far safer than any other car for pedestrians ” .
on december 21 , 1994 the volcano threw out gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km away by the wind .
the scientists were surprised .
the storm formed near honduras on june 8 and moved north .
the uk government has not decided if they will do the same as australia and introduce standardized packaging .
it is possible to calculate how often a piece of equipment can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss very improbable .
he liked to buy modern art .
the county 's motto , " we wu n't be druv " , shows the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries .
most of their money was spent on property , with £2.72 billion spent on winners ’ main properties , and £170 million in paying off existing debt and mortgages .
a third of all digital sales globally now come from subscription services and the other two thirds come from downloads .
the cardews could solve harriet ’ s problem by giving her an icelandic middle name .
“ one climber can spend $ 85,000 to climb everest .
he wants to work on many issues ; for example , continued economic recovery , immigration , education , climate change , iran and israel-palestine .
at first he was offered a pay of $ 50,000 as well as a bit of ownership of the company .
he will not say he is sorry , even though he might go to prison for what he has done .
the final five – barbara hepworth , charlie chaplin , josiah wedgwood , william hogarth and turner – were chosen because of their importance to the visual arts and british society and because of their influence .
“ they will not use liquid .
author , peter preuss , said that the number of possums dropped in 1997 with their current habitat -lrb- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -rrb- under threat from logging .
most owners of zombie computers do not know that their system is being used in this way .
modi wants to encourage indians , and others , to stretch .
it will be the first time an artist is on a british banknote .
at the time when organizations such as kethea need extra help , the greek state has cut by a third the money it gives them .
the researchers revealed how he died for the first time .
industries where employers were most likely to have at least one person on a zero-hours contract were hotels , catering and leisure ( 48 % ) , education ( 35 % ) and healthcare ( 27 % ) .
this is one reason for a rise in stress-related illness , early death and suicide .
“ in sweden , we believe very much in the idea of rehabilitation , ” says gustafsson .
international activity has increased by 41 % since december .
she is a good friend .
as the air is pushed down , the wing gets an equal and opposite push up , and this lifts the plane .
this could have a significant effect on global drugs policy .
the weight of the ice on top of lake vostok is believed to add to the high concentration of oxygen .
living true conch species include the queen conch , strombus gigas , and the west indian fighting conch -lrb- strombus pugilis -rrb- .
'the age of the big british summer music festival , including glastonbury , is ending , according to the top rock manager harvey goldsmith .
i knew straight away who the person was : i talked for 15 minutes to the gunman .
it is possible that the other users who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
they gave them either oxytocin or a placebo through a nose spray .
“ it ’ s not easy to defend wolves .
but it could become one of the biggest fights ever between the white house and congress during obama ’ s presidency .
on the grass near india gate , up to 45,000 people will take part in a 35-minute class .
he also said that the big carnivore revival shows the success of a “ land-sharing ” method of conservation – it is different from the method in north america and africa , where they use fences to separate these animals in “ wilderness ” areas .
“ fifty people signed up every hour when we started in june .
the total cost of the damage in the city is probably more than one billion roubles ( £20 million ) .
david william donald cameron -lrb- born 9 october , 1966 -rrb- is the leader of the conservative party and also leader of the opposition in the united kingdom .
usucha makes a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .
plot bollywood plots are usually melodramatic .
over the past 18 years , 10 % of millionaires have bought a caravan .
there will be traditional and experimental performances of the plays .
he was the russian leader who thatcher liked and worked closely with .
the two-year study recorded the sound made by 12 different types of ship , including cruise ships , container ships and military ships , that passed through the strait about 20 times a day .
“ so , with no big bands to headline , there are no big shows .
the report said that some waiters are made to pay a 15 % administration fee on tips that customers pay by credit or debit card .
you have to do intensive bursts of activity on an exercise bike or rowing machine , explosive bodyweight exercises , sprints and so on .
it is well known that noise from ships disturbs large whales .
in the scottish highlands there are just nine people per square kilometre .
zimarco has more dreams for making the camp a place to live , not just survive .
“ in today ’ s world , those letters would be emails and it will be almost impossible to find them one hundred years from now , ” said cerf .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation with no convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
pizzi is ceo of currie technologies , the number one seller of e-bikes in the us .
“ they are more popular than nicotine patches but we do not know if they are more effective .
ten frightening minutes later , the austrian landed back on earth .
“ most of those ideas turned out to be completely wrong. ” the spanish team started their work after a group of cave explorers found two skeletons in a deep cave high up in the cantabrian mountains of northwest spain in 2006 .
chemists have waited a long time to find a new element and , now , researchers in japan , russia and the us have discovered four .
70,000 people were put in prison by the british in kenya , and more than 5,000 of them are still alive .
the international dark-sky association ( ida ) gives the status of dark sky park only to places that take big steps to prevent light pollution .
frederick had a summer residence built for his wife by the architect johann arnold nering between 1695 and 1699 .
spurgeon was hurt emotionally by the actions of these men , and it had a large influence on his life .
but they have to be available for extra work at short notice .
she spends 14 hours a day at work and used only eight of her 20 days of paid vacation in 2014 , six of which were sick leave .
the key moment for northumberland came in 2013 when the entire national park , about 1,500 square kilometres in area , got dark sky park status .
elle , 22 , edinburgh : ‘ we never know whether it ’ s fair ’ average tips : £20 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... france i have three part-time jobs .
flac -lrb- which stands for free lossless audio codec -rrb- is a way to encode audio files .
“ now i can sleep through anything. ” and , the dangers are increasing even closer to home .
it lives only on christmas island , australia .
“ the alliance is sharing the workers ’ salary with factory owners so now there is a big confusion .
the media have helped .
unfortunately , people who followed the story were disappointed because the pair did not fall in love .
but we can understand why some people think there might be a secret , because benedict ’ s decision is so historic .
van der hoeven says that we should make coal more expensive so that people prefer to use cleaner technologies such as renewable power .
the evidence is very strong .
the same is true for armenia , which , like other countries of the ex-soviet union , had a strong education system .
the photos were bad because he was holding his breath underwater so he didn ’ t have enough time to take the pictures .
“ when family members know that organ donation is what the dead person wanted , they usually agree to the donation .
in 1983 moyet and clarke decided to quit yazoo .
captive longevity is 20 to 30 years , with rare accounts of over 40 years , making them a long-term commitment as a pet .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are frequently heard terms in english .
pullman writes in his article : “ the ease and speed with which people can get music in mp3 is still very surprising to people like me who have been building up their itunes list for some time. ” after the downing street meeting , cameron asked the conservative mp mike weatherley to be his adviser on the subject .
when the reichstag voted to cancel the budget , brüning had hindenburg dissolve reichstag only two years into its mandate , and had the budget passed again by article 48 .
it started in 1995 , it has a circulation of about 1.7 million .
i ’ ll sell it to you for £350 , £300 cash , ” he said .
the métis today mostly speak english , with french as a strong second language , as well as many native language .
one security guard who works on the avenue said it was annoying to see so many mansions – enough for many people to live in – falling apart .
after 1627 , king louis xiii of france made a rule that only roman catholics could go to live in new france .
we learned a lot about ourselves and about each other. ” axani arrived back in toronto at 3am and went directly to a meeting at his charity , a ticket forward .
only four out of mcdonald ’ s 14,000 us restaurants have tested “ build your own burger ” , he said .
i thought : 'no , you ’ re not .
the band members right now are : rob flynn -lrb- guitar , vocals -rrb- , adam duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- and phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- .
another house was built in the same place .
as of 2007 , a maximum of four players can be added in one year but the greatest number of players ever added in a year was 27 , in 1962 .
clears houses full of rubbish , rats and excrement … and other things , too .
he started as a waiter .
so , how did this happen ?
police stations around the world might begin using this new method within ten years .
first , it found what controls the cloud changes and , second , it did not accept the lowest estimates of future global warming ; it believed the higher , more damaging estimates .
telephone wires ran through tunnels , down the cliff and under the harbour to forts on the other side .
you know who your customers are and who they are friends with and what they think about your company. ” and advertisers pay a lot for that .
2016 -lrb- mmxvi -rrb- will be a leap year in the 21st century starting on friday .
what the job involves : a company pays an ethical hacker to hack into its computer system to see how well it might fight a real attack .
many people these days find it normal to pay $ 10 for green juice and $ 34 for an indoor cycle class .
how long can you hold your breath ?
proteus is very cratered , showing no sign of any geological changes .
others believe that universities could use moocs to advertise their campus courses to bigger numbers of fee-paying students from outside the eu .
because the owner tends to not know , these computers are compared to zombies .
but , the degree didn ’ t stop me from making mistakes .
the ice bucket challenge began in the us in july .
“ as they sit there , their mind starts to wander and naturally they think about that shock – was it really that bad ? ”
serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was the second finalist in the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- contest after rijndael .
leonardo tells the story of the surprise and upset that this caused to the twelve followers of jesus .
the most valuable non-american brands are south korea ’ s samsung ( 6th ) , japan ’ s toyota ( 8th ) and germany ’ s mercedes-benz ( 10th ) .
and , three million civil servants and their families will get free daily yoga lessons .
they have reduced water use by 25 % but this will probably not make much difference .
movie roles chase 's first movie role came in 1998 when she did the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl , lilo pelekai , in the disney animated movie , lilo & stitch .
it is legal to grow coca leaves in bolivia .
sanders agrees .
lascaux is the name given to a number of caves in southwestern france famous for their cave paintings .
it is also a very important place for animals .
we ’ re going to pc world in the morning – their sale starts at 8am . ”
in these places about two billion people already eat insects and larvae as a normal part of their diet .
it is the third in the presidential line of succession -lrb- behind the vice president and the speaker of the house -rrb- .
technology has also made astronomy more popular .
anil varma , who develops homes and then sells them , wants to build £5m apartments , instead of £50m mansions , to try to bring people back .
a matchbook is a small cardboard container that holds a quantity of matches inside and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
on august 22 , bill weakened to a category 1 hurricane .
“ but , what the rich people don ’ t know is that the gardeners , the nannies , the waitresses , they all need their summer earnings to get them through the winter. ” housing is the biggest cost in the hamptons .
it is also possible that inky escaped through an open pipe at the top of his tank , which led under the floor to the drain .
dr. schön ’ s son alwa arrives , excuses himself , and he and dr. schön leave .
at around the same time , shepherd-barron was developing a similar machine .
this is the tower , a £30m palace in “ billionaires ’ row ” in north london .
donald duck is one of the most popular cartoon characters in the world .
the ultra-nationalist leader of russia ’ s liberal democrat party , vladimir zhirinovsky , said it was not a meteorite .
bar customers must “ fill out a form or call 311 and include photographs of illegal smoking ” .
a few are still in prison but are allowed out during the day to help .
with the red hot chili peppers , they recorded one hot minute in 1995 .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the bottom .
the scheme has only attracted 120 companies in nearly two years .
but the most popular investments are still houses – mainly in india – and jewellery .
editors have so far made two platinum albums , selling over two million copies around the world .
the marriage was not very happy although it helped moeran to compose some of his best pieces : the cello concerto and cello sonata .
“ then one day i read a profile from a 38-year-old who said she knew it was 'really bad to admit ' but she wanted children .
“ we have to weigh and measure them and they wriggle … a lot .
“ i have seen octopuses on boats escape through waste pumps .
we don ’ t have a vaccine or a pill ” .
but are the country ’ s prisons too soft ?
barbara stocking , oxfam ’ s chief executive , said : “ we can no longer pretend that wealth for a few people will benefit many people – too often the opposite is true. ” the report said the problem affected all parts of the world .
also , in sweden , no young person under the age of 21 can be sentenced to life – this is not the same in many other countries – and they try to keep young offenders out of prison .
kerberos protocol messages are protected against spying and replay attacks .
the scientist says wolves can move up to 30 kilometres during a single hunt .
relatives will have a “ clear right of objection ” , which will give them the chance to show that their relative did not want to be an organ donor .
the speeds are far lower than the speeds at kcho ’ s studio , where they are about two megabytes per second ( mbps ) .
he is a minister of state in the department of health and minister for the south west and was one of the first openly gay mps .
but some people criticize farmed fish – they say the fish can be inbred and have high levels of toxins .
“ but it is very important to create good- quality relationships earlier in life . ”
the lion king 1 ½ -lrb- also known as the lion king 3 : hakuna matata in some countries -rrb- is the prequel to the lion king made by the walt disney company .
they were given a laptop computer and told how to make sure their homes , shops and meeting places would show up correctly on the map .
today , infections with organisms that are very resistant are common , but fewer and fewer new antibiotic drugs are made .
despite this , russia came back from the august 1998 financial crash with speed .
“ the job is to keep people safe , ” says richard lewis , a hygiene technician for rentokil .
carle said his aim was to “ save the french economy ” .
after that , she recorded " kanashiki kuchibue " , which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit .
the nervous system can then tell the color by comparing the responses to light from the several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye .
after six weeks of testing , the group who did tabata ’ s plan – exercising for just 88 minutes a week – increased their anaerobic capacity by 28 % and their vo 2 max by 15 % .
to avoid the same problems , he ’ s spending money to build a patio .
shanhui fan says the mirrors costs between $ 20 and $ 70 per square metre .
it is on the west side of the national mall , and is about 2,029 feet -lrb- 618 m -rrb- long and 167 feet -lrb- 51 m -rrb- wide .
lemnos has wild beaches , where you can swim and sunbathe almost alone , a small nightlife scene and many cultural sites .
riaa website although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single person or group , as of 2004 some people guessed that rush 's total worldwide album sales is over 40 million items sold .
the international fight league is an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- league and is the world 's first mma league .
i make around £20 a shift in tips but often i only get £10-15 of that money .
if drivers listen to instructions , they don ’ t need to think about where they are going , he says , but the use of smartphone apps as digital maps is better .
many people do not believe that it is reliable .
about 200 buses became ready for use in san antonio and houston to help in evacuations .
they will seal his manuscript and put it next to atwood ’ s manuscript in a room in oslo ’ s new public library , which will open in 2019 .
they say they typically work 30 hours or more a week .
many of these animals had gone by the end of the 1800 ’ s , with european settlement .
“ we work in some very , very dirty places. ” typical salary : when you start , the salary is usually around £14,500 .
so , there are many very good reasons to shower less .
the air is compressed and stored in a tank , which has a light that flashes green when it is full .
“ the poor woman who was second in the queue was pushed out by a crowd of youths .
you may add five words -lrb- or less -rrb- as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .
“ people know that someone is rich and someone is poor and they carry on with their lives , ” he explains .
“ reject pessimism and know that progress is possible. ” but obama said he knew that young people had many challenges .
“ the problem is that , in the us and uk , most people who want to join facebook have already done it , ” said new media specialist ian maude at enders analysis .
a big international disagreement has started over the right of bolivia ’ s indigenous indian tribes to chew coca leaves , the main ingredient in cocaine .
our new international survey , including 33 countries , shows how wrong people around the world are about some important things .
given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths , vampire squid must use innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to save energy .
hot-water boilers and cooking areas release heat .
he also mentioned the earlier blues guitarists blind lemon jefferson and lonnie johnson and the jazz players charlie christian and django reinhardt .
there are already plans for a new shark exhibition in orlando and an attraction in san antonio that will allow customers to swim with dolphins .
he went on international concert tours to japan , australia , china and russia .
someone asked “ have you ever used pink slime in your burgers ? ” – ‘ pink slime ’ is the beef filler that is used for dog food .
the wheel of a ship is the modern method of changing the angle of the rudder to change the direction of the boat or ship .
the drainpipe was 50 metres long and opened into hawke ’ s bay , on the east coast of new zealand ’ s north island .
normally , the mnd association gets about 300,000 hits a year on its website .
another way to reduce noise is to slow down .
so , india wants to introduce compulsory yoga for them .
cash sales are made to the nearest five cents .
the aquarium is not looking for another octopus but , if a fisherman brought in another octopus , the aquarium might take it .
it has a stopper at the top and tap or hole at the bottom .
in 1999 , she became coach of the men ’ s team viterbese .
all of them took the labour whip .
natural disasters are very difficult to predict – but the future for malé does look very bad .
one of the women wants to get her biological child back ; the other refuses to hand back the girl she has raised as her own daughter .
' ” for philippa langley of the richard iii society , richard was the true king , the last king of the north , a worthy and brave leader who was a victim of shakespeare ’ s negative propaganda .
but , there has been an increase in other types of convenience food , particularly italian dishes .
what is ’ bit rot ’ and is vint cerf right to be worried ?
it is very important and helps to protect this country , ” she said .
a supercontinent is a landmass which has more than one continental core , or craton .
“ if i just showed you a photo of someone ’ s body , you could probably tell me what gender they are .
young adults are suffering from low wages and high rents .
oxfam said the world could end poverty several times over if the richest 100 billionaires would give away the money they made in 2012 .
the video came out on mtv 's headbangers ball on october 25 , 2008 as part of the headbangers ball 20th anniversary special programming .
it says it does not make a profit from the admin fee .
iupac confirmed the new elements on 30 december , 2015 .
they ’ ve not been a part of this for the last 18 years .
she wasn ’ t very sporty at school , but she started playing the piano for a keep-fit class during the second world war and started leading the class in her 40s when the old instructor retired .
sudan is in danger from poachers .
frederick 's son , conrad iv of germany finished the town in 1254 .
but they will not save everything .
but tourism is the main business on the island and she feels the atm may come too late for this season .
6 private butler typical salary : £60,000 to £90,000 the job : an employer can ask a private butler to do anything from managing other staff , serving at every meal , running errands and looking after guests to booking restaurants , house security , housekeeping and cooking .
chile and costa rica introduced good basic health care many years ago and this has helped the ageing populations of those countries .
she was a cousin to anne boleyn , the second wife of henry viii .
if you know that everyone in your shop right now is a male , you ’ ll advertise playstations not hairdryers. ” it is easy to understand that stores want some of the information online stores collect .
for people who find it very difficult to keep a roof above their heads in one of the world ’ s most expensive cities , seeing the empty houses can be painful .
he spends large parts of his days walking in central park or the battery park in downtown manhattan near wall street , talking to some of new york ’ s wealthiest people .
he forgets to give presents .
“ he explained that it was because he was an illegal dutch immigrant .
his team found meningitis at times square , a trace of anthrax on a train carriage and bacteria that cause plague on a rubbish bin and ticket machine at stations in uptown manhattan .
“ we believe this 8 % fee is unfair .
many have distinct dietary preferences and regularly occur in association with certain species .
the local stream is contaminated with human waste and does not provide enough water for a place that is full of tourists .
then , we may need a whole new sort of sleep revolution .
i don ’ t know even know if i ’ m going to buy it .
“ we don ’ t want them to try oxytocin at home .
book history the lord of the rings began as a sequel to tolkien 's earlier fantasy book , the hobbit , but quickly became a much larger story .
power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a place where it can be used for work .
“ over the last three years alone , our company has paid more than £160 million in various taxes , including national insurance* , vat and business rates. ” apple , ebay , facebook , google and starbucks have avoided nearly £900 million of tax .
his daughter , alanna marie orton , was born on july 12 , 2008 .
a medical emergency is an injury or illness that poses an immediate threat to a person 's long-term health or life .
the constellation has about 50 galaxies that can be seen with a small telescope .
in the early 1920s he became famous with the " dramatic psalm " " le roi david " -lrb- " king david " -rrb- , which is still often sung by choirs .
hannah says she spends two to four hours after each visit writing detailed reports on everything from the quality of the food to specific conversations with staff .
the school 's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
that ’ s more than £8.5 billion in total .
cockrell said that there is a common mistake that many of his wealthy clients make – they let their money be the most important thing in their lives .
1 pop-up parks today ’ s cities sometimes look like they ’ re built for cars and not for people .
in the manga , blaine was a team rocket scientist who had combined the dna of mew with his own dna , creating mewtwo .
“ this is a very big day for wales and , most importantly , for the 226 people in wales who are waiting for an organ transplant , ” said the welsh health minister , mark drakeford .
in the uk , 15 million tonnes of food is lost or wasted each year .
but ﬁgures from the smoking toolkit study show vaping may be becoming less popular .
november children were the fittest because they had the most stamina and power and were the second strongest .
san francisco bay lies in the us state of california and is surrounded by a region known as the san francisco bay area , that is near the big cities san francisco , oakland , and san jose .
but he says that the biggest problem is that technologies can lead drivers into dangerous situations .
“ we accidentally reintroduced wild boar but we ’ ve done nothing else .
“ the staff and i have been sad .
at the same time , the number of visitors dropped by more than 100,000 from 6.58 million to 6.48 million .
it was given city rights in 1232 .
the trip has not been without its problems .
the world bank was also pleased that the world ’ s economy had “ avoided a catastrophe ” .
the growth-share matrix -lrb- aka b.c.g. analysis , b.c.g.-matrix , boston consulting group analysis -rrb- is a chart that had been created by bruce henderson for the boston consulting group in 1970 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines .
for the adesso parto ( now i ’ m leaving ) programme , elmas will give €12,000 to the first ten applicants aged between 18 and 50 .
the panel found that if the police and ambulance service had done their jobs better , they could have saved 41 of the 96 lives lost .
it has raised $ 100 million for the als association , an american motor neurone disease charity , and £4.5 million for a british charity , as well as thousands of pounds for charities in hong kong and australia .
everything not made in france had to go , including the lightbulbs ( china ) and green beans ( kenya ) .
months pass , and tod and copper are now adults .
an experienced presenter can get over £55,000 .
publications preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a collection of peer reviewed and published science .
but , as her friends and supporters retired or were replaced , she started to make mistakes and became more and more unpopular .
the accord is supported by over 170 international companies , including primark and marks & spencer , and international trade unions , including industriall .
i could no longer work .
entrepreneurs who do not find the amount of money they wanted to find can either pay back all the money or keep all the money but pay a 9 % fee .
it ’ s a real victory for the people. ” said alan strickland , a haringey councillor .
but my rent is just €800 ( £625 ) a month. ” a similar apartment in london costs over £2,000 and even more in new york , which came 44th in the study .
our bodies have become machines that we monitor for better efficiency and sleep is now another set of data for us to follow .
taylor walks around the scene looking at them without interacting with jordison or the females , there is a moment in which jordison is looking in a mirror and taylor suddenly appears .
in order to reach their objective , surveyors use elements of geometry , engineering , trigonometry , mathematics , physics , and law .
the social network has now lost nearly 2 million visitors in the uk since december , with its 27 million total the same as a year ago .
this effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro sizes .
the french word bourgeois comes from the old french word burgeis , meaning " an inhabitant of a town " -lrb- cf .
it has an area of 74,122 sq mi -lrb- 191,976 km ² -rrb- , it is bigger than syria but smaller than senegal .
they call him the robin hood of the banks .
“ customers expect interaction , 24/7 accessibility , customization options and high levels of personalization , ” he said .
this article covers the details of the preparations for hurricane katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that destroyed parts of louisiana , mississippi , and alabama .
arif sayani , the town ’ s director of planning , said that people who are thinking of visiting or moving to the area would be able to use the maps to see the area .
weather patterns are changing and this is also having an effect on tourism .
the bestselling book on amazon in the us is a colouring books for adults by scottish illustrator johanna basford .
green-shaded teams won the remaining ten playoff berths .
for official forecasts see : the nhc 's public advisory archive on hurricane ivan .
afterwards , doctors did various medical treatments if needed .
he believes the arrest of gang leaders can even make things worse .
google has made maps of the world ’ s highest mountains , the ocean floor , the amazon rainforest and even shown us a bit of north korea .
in 1482 the dominicans sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
before snow white , the disney studio had been mainly involved in the production of highly successful animated shorts in the mickey mouse and silly symphonies series .
in modern times , 70 % to 90 % of the waters is used for human purposes and the flow is much smaller .
lorraine tyler , a neuroscientist and head of the centre for speech , language and the brain at cambridge university , said the research was a great achievement .
“ this country is a big mess and he could be the man to help us. ” other supporters offer a simpler explanation .
it can hold 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and seventh largest football stadium in the world .
in the record business , it is the area that is growing the fastest but it is still quite small .
they live in the sates of andhra pradesh , karnataka , kerala , and tamil nadu .
the solutions are used in 84 countries .
the little book was widely read , even at paray .
the white architects ’ plan shows multi-storey apartment blocks around shared courtyards in long straight streets .
he also gave concerts to prisoners in chicago and at san quentin .
a jet stream can move as fast as 250 miles per hour .
one of them is for numbers and measurements , another for buildings and places .
“ the basic rule is : no water , no food .
it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
he led a comeback , completing 15 passes out of 20 attempts for 258 yards and 2 touchdowns .
allen thinks she is healthy because she keeps busy , especially since her husband died in 1997 .
it is impossible to say what they are buying .
fewer and fewer people want blackberry phones .
even the children of my children should know what happened .
a shop assistant , silje johansen , says it ’ s “ awesome .
the team is so excited. ” pluto is two thirds rock surrounded by a lot of ice .
the distance from the iran 's border with azerbaijan in the north-west to the border with pakistan in the south-east is about 2,333 kilometres .
it has been forgotten by the banks , the government and most of the modern world .
the winner of this battle will not be the company with the best service ; it will be the company with the most money .
the signature is from his will , in which he left many of his paintings to britain .
still further west is the tortugas bank , which is now underwater .
this is a sensitive topic in this mixed-raced country .
other services show bbm ’ s weaknesses : skype and viber have video or voice calls , but bbm doesn ’ t ; path does location sharing , but bbm doesn ’ t ; there is no video sharing , as on imessage ; and the stickers ( a more sophisticated version of the smiley face ) , that kids around the world adore , are also absent .
its estimated price is up to $ 800,000 .
it was found from the images taken by voyager 2 on january 20 , 1986 , and was given the designation s / 1986 u 8 .
as iraq-kuwait relations rapidly grew worse , saddam was getting conflicting information about how the u.s. would respond to an invasion .
in the next 30 years , the planet ’ s human population will increase to nine billion .
“ companies don ’ t want to pay so that rich factory owners can continue to just take the profits and not spend on their factories for years .
in 1833 parts of burke county and buncombe county were combined to make yancey county , and in 1838 the southern part of buncombe county was made into henderson county .
“ traditional jobs like fishing are finishing so tourism is the only solution , ” said sebastián galindo , a councillor from the socialist party .
the good news for the british economy is that 98 % of the money that the winners spent stayed in the uk .
some populations of mammals , birds , reptiles and amphibians have reduced even more , with freshwater species declining by 76 % over the same period .
there are thousands of other people who were put in prison and say they were treated badly during the final days of the british empire , and now they may also try to sue .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .
three poorer districts have only 12 % of lima ’ s population but they have much more illegal rubbish than other neighbourhoods : villa maria del triunfo ( 39.4 % ) , villa el salvador ( 25.3 % ) and el agustino ( 18.3 % ) .
one foam-rubber method has been called foamation by will vinton .
in 1998 , culver won election to be the iowa secretary of state .
she had a collapsed lung twice , had pneumonia four or five times each year and had problems with her appendix and tonsils .
helplines can also reduce loneliness , at least in the short term .
they would have a longer life in andorra ( the girl 85 and the boy 79 ) but will live a little longer than in the us ( 81 and 76 ) .
he also wrote two books of short stories called , the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
what is important is how you make your idea happen .
ibm ’ s value is $ 72.2 billion and microsoft ’ s $ 45.5 billion .
1 .
criminologists from around the world have been travelling to switzerland over the past few years to see the new method .
hilari bell -lrb- born in 1958 -rrb- is an american fantasy writer .
this beer is not aimed at women , ” says thomas bingebo , the head brewer at ocean .
according to the iucn , in 2013 , less than three per cent of the world ’ s oceans was in marine protected areas and less than one per cent of that is ‘ no take ’ ( no fishing ) .
the skeletons , which belonged to two men in their early 30s , had been very well preserved in the cool cave .
the album featured a greater creative input from the group , although they still relied on a production crew including rodney jerkins , missy elliott , chad elliot , and dwayne wiggins of tony !
we asked waiters around the uk what they think of tipping , including how much money they get from tips and if it ’ s fair .
she said that the families ’ sadness will never go away , but she is very pleased that the prime minister said sorry for hillsborough .
the great man looks north across the square at the side of a mountain in front of him .
it is the center of all commercial activities in the country .
it is located 44 miles -lrb- 71 km -rrb- northeast of pittsburgh , and is located by the allegheny river .
they were later charged with corruption in the us .
the book is about events that take place in the fictional space colony of windhaven .
the few rooms to rent were fully booked every summer with people enjoying its empty beaches , clear seas and fresh seafood .
megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna only known from fossils from australia , it contains the oldest known echidna species .
the two byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual because the use of images was the main issue in the dispute , rather than a by-product of wider concerns .
it ’ s really unfair that money from our tips is taken for breakages by customers .
forensic scientists and pathologists think the method can be used together with the traditional autopsy .
“ full effort at 170 % of your vo 2 max is the basis of the programme , ” says tabata .
he got rid of hundreds of products and , then , refocused the business on its bricks .
“ we agree with the complex if it creates jobs in the town , ” said cristóbal lobato , who has worked at the same beach bar in tarifa for 30 years .
also , that year , he worked with mick jagger to record the fundraising single dancing in the street , which quickly went to number 1 .
“ i wanted to see if it was possible to do what the minister was asking us to do , ” carle said .
the car does not have all the normal car controls , such as foot pedals .
seven people were killed in attacks by tigers around national parks in 2012 compared to four in 2011 , park officials said .
that ’ s his personality. ” one idea is that inky crossed the aquarium floor – a journey of three or four metres – and then , he realized that freedom was very near so he entered a drainpipe that led directly to the sea .
it shows that schools want to improve children ’ s fitness and their cognitive behaviour , and make a real difference to schools , teachers , parents and young people ’ s lives .
if an airliner flying at 550mph enters a jet stream , the result can be that the plane flies at 800mph .
recently , two mansions have been on sale for £65m and £38m .
since the economic crisis began in 2009 , kethea has lost 70 of its 500 staff .
during an extraordinary day 23 years later at liverpool cathedral , where the families of the victims met to see a report on the disaster , the most important words were : the truth .
it is now part of the convention again , but with an exemption so that its indigenous people can continue chewing coca leaves .
jessica andrews-hanna at the university of colorado said many students would probably give themselves an electric shock to make a boring lecture more exciting .
if you are reading this page it is likely that this has happened to your rfa .
best before is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product , in contrast with use by which indicates that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date .
the labour law of bangladesh 2006 does not allow children younger than 14 to work but unicef says that , in bangladesh , 4.7 million children younger than 14 are employed and 1.3 million children aged five to 17 do dangerous work .
greenland first thought of the idea of a flag of its own in 1973 , when five greenlanders proposed a green , white and blue flag .
she will be released with current remissions on 12 april 2024 .
the pkcs standard also has processing schemes designed to provide additional security for rsa signatures , e.g. , the probabilistic signature scheme for rsa -lrb- rsa-pss -rrb- .
“ unsurprisingly , the smell of the waste products can be disgusting .
people first started living there in 1847 , and it was made a town in 1897 .
eventually , this also expanded the realm of " just say no " to violence , sex , and any other naughty things that young people might try .
there was no fishing equipment on the boat , but a turtle was inside when it washed up .
when the change in the law was first introduced , its supporters said that one safeguard would be that the nsa could not get electronic communications without the permission of the telecom and internet companies that control the data .
on the other hand , it means he can not change that personality. ” republican frank luntz believes trump speaks for voters who , for the first time , feel as if they have a mouthpiece and like the fact that they feel like they are heard .
“ we want to defend the liberal values of amsterdam , ” he says .
we can ’ t just reduce emissions – we must also use our natural resources more intelligently and create healthier lives for ourselves .
“ retailers are becoming increasingly aware that shoppers who visit a physical store want a service and an experience they can ’ t get online , ” says simon boydell , spokesman for marketforce , which has more than 300,000 mystery shoppers .
it ’ s a step in the right direction. ” he is 55 and , in his lifetime , he can already see that it is much harder to catch fish .
she met alexis miesen and jennie dundas , co- founders of blue marble ice cream in brooklyn , new york .
“ argentina rejects the '.patagonia ' request for a new generic top-level domain .
after they stop working , they sometimes find it difficult to make friends and adapt to school .
technologies that reduce the need for those trips – for example , online meetings or online work – could also have a big effect on transportation .
sherwood accepts that his team ’ s work on the role of clouds does not mean for sure that temperature rises will be in the higher range .
like many others , he felt they needed the money for other things – for extra carers to look after rjukan ’ s old people , perhaps , or better schools , cycle paths and roads .
i found it really fun. ” google says that the aim of the project is to improve safety .
it is in very good condition. ” researchers believe that erdmann ’ s grandfather , richard platz , threw the bottle into the sea when he was on a hike in 1913 .
and we test the water and watch it all the time. ” sheehy hopes to open more fish farms throughout liberia and the region .
seeds of this plant are the source of the beverage coffee .
people have known for many years that the desert is a useful place to produce solar energy .
all across india you can see people doing yoga together .
facebook can also be dangerous for companies .
they were mental health problems , such as anxiety and depression , disorders , such as arthritis and lower back pain , anaemia , sight and hearing loss and skin disease .
we talked to five people who do some unusual jobs about how much they are paid , what the worst parts are and why they enjoy their work .
she previously coached benfica ’ s male youth teams , the qatar women ’ s team and , more recently , the iranian women ’ s national team .
he was trying to break five different records : the first human to ever break the sound barrier in free-fall ; the highest free-fall altitude jump ; the highest manned balloon flight ; the longest free-fall ; and his jump platform is probably the largest manned balloon in history .
jane rumble from ofcom said that , because they are growing up in the digital age , children ’ s communication habits are different from older generations , even from the 16-to-24 age group .
in both places , all the tips are collected and shared out at the end of the night .
suggested origins of the name " kavirondo " include from local young warriors , armed with spears , bows , arrows , & clubs , who were observed to sit on their heels , which in kiswahili is kaa virondo .
“ one key reason why air pollution kills 400,000 european citizens each year is that car makers cheat the tests for diesel cars – this causes much more pollution on the road , ” said greg archer , the clean vehicles manager for transport and environment .
all are native english speakers .
jenny flahaut , 33 , who works at a children ’ s home , volunteered when she saw an advertisement on facebook .
electric bikes make commuting more practical – and fun – because people don ’ t have to worry about hills , strong winds , tiredness and sweat .
the biggest change is in time spent talking on the phone .
by 1870 , more than 2,000 children were being helped in their five homes .
it escaped from its tank , slid down a 50-metre drainpipe and disappeared into the sea .
hill travelled for more than 20 hours to get to rio .
the ad ’ s message is : “ show someone they ’ re loved this christmas ” .
they also say that there will be 15,000 bins for recycling across the festival site in 2014 .
it can make users become aggressive .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km southeast of puerto rico .
“ wealth can stop you from connecting with other people , ” said the wife of a man who made about $ 80 million .
“ that is why they are blasting schools every day – because they were and they are afraid of change , afraid of the equality that we will bring to our society. ” the “ stand with malala ” petition , that is asking for education for the 57 million children around the world who do not go to school , has got more than four million signatures – more than a million were added after malala ’ s speech .
but it should also make plans to protect people from tigers , ” krishna bhurtel , a village leader , told a nepali newspaper .
on november 8 , 1917 , lenin was chosen chairman of the council of people 's commissars by the russian soviet congress .
we ’ ve lost a great leader , a great prime minister and a great briton. ” he added : “ she was our first woman prime minister – and she didn ’ t just lead our country , she saved our country. ” he added that he believed she would be remembered as the greatest british peacetime prime minister .
another person who supports the project is paul römer , one of the creators of big brother , one of the first and most successful reality tv shows .
some ask for help in finding work here .
“ if you ’ ve trained hard enough all your life , or the last few weeks , and you believe you can do it and come through it , there ’ s no reason .
a historian said that " it was quinine ... that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
who had the most respect ?
in 2012 , the fao published a list of 1,909 edible species of insect and plans a major international conference on “ this valuable food source ” in 2013 .
tag team match for the world tag team championship 08:51 2 chavo guerrero -lrb- c -rrb- beat jimmy wang yang .
four f-4c phantoms escorting a bombing raid at kang chi are the targets of antiaircraft missiles in the first such attack against american planes in the war .
5 there ’ s life out there we usually only see clouds and other planes from a flying aircraft ’ s window , but the air is full of bacteria – 1,800 different types of bacteria .
the gould league -lrb- a bird group -rrb- started in australia in 1909 , was named after him .
in the match , kenny grabbed a steel chair and put it on triple h 's left knee , similar to what the group did to michaels .
they survived 38 days on a lifeboat .
his team had been beaten in two games in a row by the montreal canadiens in 1929 – 30 .
“ so , just like our mouse , it is quite possible we can associate what we have in our mind with bad or good events .
the online map that google had already created using satellite images was mostly correct , but one road was missing that had been built in the last year .
batista won his first televised match since his return , a six man tag match with rey mysterio and lashley taking on king booker , finlay and mark henry .
in ancient india , yoga was part of daily life .
the exemption is the first in the history of un drug-control agreements .
britons are now drinking on average only eight cups of tea a week – they drank 23 cups in 1974 .
a study by a top expert on children ’ s physical activity has found that schoolchildren born in november or october are fitter than everyone else in their class .
vikidia is an encyclopedia made with a wiki , using mediawiki .
“ imagine that you could make a human who slept for the same amount of time as a giraffe ( 1.9 hours per night ) .
empoli is on the main railway line from florence to pisa and is well joined with the city of siena .
“ this study has a lot of evidence from animal and human work to show that oxytocin helps , but we need more research. ” said simon baron-cohen .
they have kept our country of four nations together and , like millions of other people , i am delighted .
the most powerful organ of fifa is the fifa congress , which is an assembly made up of representatives from each member association .
“ you could use the mirrors on buildings and spend much less money on air conditioning or maybe you wouldn ’ t need it at all .
jacques rené chirac -lrb- born november 29 , 1932 in paris -rrb- was the president of the french republic from 1995 until 2007 .
researchers at yale have studied the brain chemical oxytocin .
new regulations will introduce tests that will demonstrate clearly what cars ’ emissions are like when they are driving on roads and in traffic , not in ideal conditions , similar to a laboratory .
soco say that they would look for oil in a part of the park called block v , and that their work would not affect the gorillas .
they ’ ve even sent a package to a hospital delivery room .
but , it is the opposite of vain to work hard on a manuscript that nobody will ever congratulate you for and say : 'good job ' or 'i loved the bit where she did that and he did this ... ' ” mitchell wrote .
in fact , the films are more popular than ever – skyfall , which broke all records and became the biggest ever film at uk cinemas in 2012 , earned a total of $ 1.1 billion .
the brand and logo of apple are the most valuable in the world .
the greek island of agios efstratios is very remote .
he directed the music there , played the organ and trained the choir .
it is clear why he needs to find more money .
the richest 1 % are estimated to cause 10,000 times more pollution than the average us citizen .
this is research that nasa thinks is very important for a future mission to mars .
veirs said ships that pass near whales need to be quieter .
a similar biological toughness one can find only by chitin .
it can see things that can not be found during traditional autopsies .
the bacteria of swiss cheese were found in midtown manhattan and the financial district , and the bacteria used to make kimchi and sauerkraut showed up in the financial district and bay ridge .
“ there is no work in the winter , only in the summer , ” says maria .
argentina is unhappy that the us outdoor clothing retailer , patagonia , wants a domain name that has been known far longer as a region of spectacular beauty .
within ten years , she had become famous around the world – people both admired and hated her – for her reforms in the uk and her strong beliefs in foreign policy .
so , in the future , google might send equipment to the area and ask volunteers to complete the map .
from switzerland , we learned a better way to recycle and reuse old clothes and shoes .
she says the craze has happened because they are telling people that the books will help them to relax .
these books are the first part of the new testament of the bible , and are put in a group of this order : the gospel of matthew , the gospel of mark , the gospel of luke and the gospel of john .
and , people who still drive cars are experiencing less traffic thanks to waze .
usaid and the peruvian environment ministry are working together on this project to try to solve lima ’ s rubbish problem .
experts at japan ’ s national institute for environmental studies said the explanation of how fewer clouds form as the world warms was a good one .
it can be treated with antibiotics .
it is used as an original source of information about the topic .
the vatican will no doubt say those stories are nonsense .
researchers use computer climate models to predict future temperatures and it was important to include the way clouds form in those models .
i ’ m trying it right now .
name the band thought of the name ' the maccabees ' by opening the bible to a random page .
some religious groups strongly oppose the scheme .
in the original plan , we wanted eight repetitions , but some people could only do six or seven. ” one person on an online forum wrote : “ most people can not do it correctly and they shouldn ’ t even try. ” tabata doesn ’ t completely agree .
more track was added in 1980 at both ends of the bloor-danforth line .
this work was finished with the efforts of martin evans and oliver smithies working on the knockout mice .
sixty-four per cent of young people in greece are unemployed – this is the highest youth unemployment in the eu .
henk strydom , a lawyer for one of the mothers , said the switch was a tragedy that will probably not have a happy ending .
“ i spoke to an old lady who walks past the bench every day where she had her first kiss , ” says walldin .
you work alone under water , with zero visibility and , if you don ’ t like living in small spaces with lots of other people , this job is not for you .
then , in the first television debate , he was rude to a woman who asked him difficult questions .
electric bikes are different from motorcycles or mopeds , which use motors ; you pedal an electric bike with – or without – help from an electric motor .
they can be seen as more offensive version of the earlier characters pete and dud .
in february 1941 , 600 jews were sent to the buchenwald and mauthausen concentration camps .
he needs their support to continue until march 2016 so he is chosen as the presidential candidate in november 2016 ’ s general election .
people may have to leave the californian resort of rancho mirage , near palm springs , in the next decade .
in 2013 , one of the mothers , who is 33 and unemployed , wanted her ex-partner to pay maintenance for her daughter .
most of the brands in the top 100 are american .
mcdonald ’ s has a bigger menu than some other restaurants , with more complicated items – its chicken mcwrap takes 60 seconds to make .
in india , at the moment , business people are beginning to be confident again in the world ’ s biggest democracy .
however , population ageing does not always mean more health care spending , according to the report , which shows the importance of long-term investments in education and health care for older people .
margaret thatcher , the most famous british prime minister since winston churchill , has died at the age of 87 .
“ mars one believes it is not only possible but necessary that we build a permanent colony on mars so that we can improve our understanding of the solar system , the origins of life , and our place in the universe , ” it says .
“ there will not be enough water to produce food for the nine-billion population in 2050 if more people start eating like people in the west , ” the report by malik falkenmark and colleagues at the stockholm international water institute ( siwi ) said .
“ when we came in the next morning and his tank was empty , i was really surprised , ” said yarrell , who has not started looking for inky .
because the neck can not be seen , the head and body appear to join together .
in porto alegre , demonstrators set fire to a bus and , in curitiba , protesters tried to enter the office of the state governor .
the small room looks like a classroom .
some people were selling pieces of meteorite through internet sites within a few hours of the impact .
the prequels did not do that. ” rosser is talking about the three films lucas directed between 1999 and 2005 , the phantom menace , attack of the clones and revenge of the sith .
like glass , you will be able to buy telepathy one in 2014 .
the next day , they put the same mice in a second box and gave them a small electric shock .
some people have also illegally destroyed some trees and are suspected of bringing in insect pests from australia which attack the trees .
a similar thing may happen when powerful false memories are created in humans .
“ he ’ s not a conservative , he ’ s not a liberal – he believes in himself , ” former presidential rival , bobby jindal , told the guardian .
“ i got a dyson vacuum cleaner but i don ’ t even know if i want it , ” said 56-year-old louise haggerty , as she left the black friday sales at one o ’ clock in the morning .
the psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of empathy , but is not identical to it .
they visited milan , venice , vienna , prague , khao lak ( in thailand ) and hong kong .
i work as an osteopath now .
britain also has none .
but , things are changing , according to data published recently in the national food survey .
the andalusian college of geographers is also against the project – they say that the complex would disturb two wildlife conservation areas and cross the border of a national park .
“ the pope took a sheet of paper and read from it .
they also say that recommended limits are for single pesticides and not for the mixture of chemicals that farmers use on regular crops .
in the west , people do not usually eat insects .
“ every single day , don ’ t take anything for granted , ” said lady carnarvon .
he works for vyclone , a phone app that puts together many videos uploaded by fans to create one long video of a show .
the itunes store arrived in 2003 ( 2004 in europe ) .
also , it is not really music to dance to , but music to just listen to , and it often tells a story or has a philosophical theme to the lyrics .
santiago , chile -lrb- santiago of chile or santiago de chile -rrb- is the capital of chile and the largest city in the country .
they found 15,152 different species , nearly half of which were bacteria .
toller cranston -lrb- born april 20 , 1949 in hamilton , ontario -rrb- is a canadian figure skater .
many would say “ that is the reason i shower ! ” but , it seems that this sometimes works too well , especially when you add hot water and soap products .
“ anywhere there is peace , i can stay , no problem , ” he says .
“ humans are very imaginative animals , ” said tonagawa .
“ we have a discotheque , a house , a mosque , a school , shops , ” he says .
their large size is due to the fact that there are no other carnivorous mammals to fill the niche on the islands where they live , and also to the komodo dragon 's low metabolic rate .
scientists are still trying to find out if pollutants caused the deaths of five whales that were found on beaches on the east coast of britain in january 2016 .
“ i learnt a lot on my own and now i would love to be able to write a book and share my knowledge with other people , ” he said .
there are also 4 stations , which are not opened yet : volokolamskaya of tagansko-krasnopresnenskaya line , delovoy center of kalininskaya and solntsevskaya lines and park pobedy of solntsevskaya line .
until that time , the solar energy will be used in morocco .
this include all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated from all of about 160,000 trips shinkansen made .
“ definitely .
in 2006 , downing left ; he said communicating with other members of the band was difficult .
the municipality has about 57,00 people .
when they are in school , the children get extra help with their homework at the centres .
goya tried to join the spanish royal academy of fine art in 1763 and 1766 , but failed .
the commission rejected acea ’ s draft regulation .
days later , desaki resigned – he said that the hotel group had betrayed their customers .
perhaps some people think two minutes of air is not enough and is not much better than snorkelling .
the original inquiry did not believe this propaganda .
he said the experiment was part serious and part fun .
palestinian voters in the gaza strip and the west bank including east jerusalem were allowed to participate in the election .
joseph chamberlain -lrb- 8 july 1836 – 2 july 1914 -rrb- , was an important businessman and a politician .
greene said the government could easily collect billions of pounds that could help pay for important services , if they were stricter when they collect taxes .
he said : “ todd was so happy that i was alive. ” earlier , todd said : “ the world needs a hero right now , and they have got one in felix baumgartner. ” this will be the last jump , baumgartner said .
“ water ice is strong enough to hold up big mountains. ” the images are the first to show ice mountains , except those found on the moons of giant planets .
the town was built on the mouth of a small river ; the main road in the town once met the water at the top of the river .
“ each day , they spend up to eight hours visiting five to ten stores , plus another hour or two writing detailed reports on every part of their visit. ” for that , the mystery shoppers can earn up to £155 a day .
this means we have to begin the whole process again .
after people heard about the costs of new and improved stadiums on the news , the confederations cup football tournament has been one of the reasons for the protests .
koxinga kept himself busy making taiwan into a useful base for anti-qing dynasty supporters who hoped to get the ming dynasty back to power .
the many examples in the old testament of killing sanctioned by god , are quoted in defense of the view that " murder " is more accurate .
he was created a cardinal priest , of the title of s. maria nuova , on 18 february 1946 .
the dog in duck hunt has appeared in barker bill 's trick shooting and can be shot in the " balloon saloon " game .
but raymond lumbuenamo , country director for wwf democratic republic of the congo , based in kinshassa , said that security in and around the park would get worse if soco started looking for oil .
they get less money , but studies show that for every euro the greek state spends on anti-drug programmes such as kethea , it saves about €6 because there is less crime and fewer health problems .
he also gave the answer to a rock ’ n ’ roll mystery : why elvis presley never performed outside north america .
“ now , we need to build another school , ” he says with a grin .
but the vultures ’ taste for dead and decaying things has become a good thing .
they know only the glamorous side of the hamptons : the big parties and the beaches and mansions .
the event caused panic in chelyabinsk , a city of more than one million people to the south of russia ’ s ural mountains .
the festival will include a restaurant by the nordic food lab , the scandinavian team behind the danish restaurant noma , which brought extremely popular insect dishes to claridge ’ s hotel in london in 2013 .
the exact nature of the transforming principle -lrb- dna -rrb- was confirmed in the experiments done by avery , mcleod and mccarty and by hershey and chase .
in today ’ s spain , thousands of people support the anti-capitalist movement and groups such as the indignados .
they are worth nearly $ 119 billion – that is more than the economies of morocco , ecuador or oman .
the sum of €1m in €500 notes fits easily into a small laptop bag .
around 4,500 swedes help the service – they volunteer to make friends with and support offenders .
this was proved by the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
but “ the main thing you notice is how thin the atmosphere is , ” kelly said .
other people criticize it because some people enjoy the fun and then do not donate anything to charity .
some people still hope that , eventually , even trump ’ s supporters will get tired of his attacks on minorities .
“ there is a huge class of people who want to copy very wealthy people , ” he said .
4 .
on the last day of his last visit to britain as us president , obama told 500 youth leaders at a meeting in london : “ reject the idea that there are things we can ’ t control .
“ our guardian angel will take care of you , ” said mission control , and baumgartner jumped .
hillary diane rodham clinton -lrb- born october 26 , 1947 -rrb- is the 67th and current united states secretary of state under president barack obama .
“ her cv isn ’ t bad , but now the question is : will she be good enough ? ” added another .
baumgartner had a problem with his visor .
he was in charge of the 25th punjabis in india and hong kong and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1910 .
the wwf consisted of stone cold steve austin , kurt angle , chris jericho , kane , and the undertaker , who all wrestled against the team of ddp , booker t , rhyno , and the dudley boys .
because it is one of the smallest islands , agios efstratios will not have to pay the tax increase until 2017 .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
whisenhunt 's career as a player included 4 years -lrb- 1985-88 -rrb- as a tight end with the atlanta falcons , who drafted him in the twelfth round , and then short periods with the washington redskins and new york jets .
the early 80s was the heyday of mtv .
wexler became part of the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
the new home is likely to have a hot tub , with almost a third ( 29 % ) putting that on their shopping list .
he said he was “ probably too much army and not enough prince ” , but he said he was entitled to privacy , too .
“ with the perks , it ’ s enough to live on. ” she finds it satisfying to return to a store where she has previously been a mystery shopper and see standards have improved .
assuming good faith also does not mean that no action by editors should be criticized , but instead that criticism should not be attributed to badness unless there is specific evidence of badness .
bmw has launched a new $ 200,000 model in delhi .
people need to know that .
there is a law to stop more ugly developments like those that spoilt a lot of spain ’ s beaches in the 1960s and 1970s .
in 2008 , the pentagon published a report called “ human performance ” which examined the possibility of a future in which soldiers could perform at their best with only a couple of hours ’ sleep .
“ as always , life is a journey . ”
at the same time , the researchers shone light into the mouse brains to bring back their memories of the first box .
“ whatsapp has made blackberrys unnecessary for young people. ” bbm says it has 80 million monthly users after its upgrade , but whatsapp has 300 million .
“ but it is cheap and it is easy to get , and everyone is taking it. ” this drug crisis is making problems for athens ’ s health authorities , who already have the problem of large financial cuts .
that house was destroyed in 1759 by a bad- tempered priest , francis gastrell , in an argument about taxes .
around 15 % of the energy used by buildings in the us goes on air conditioning .
and kakali hopes the situation in greece will change before then .
in a multiprocessor system where each one is executing a single set of instructions , data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different pieces of distributed data .
old versions were based on knoppix .
this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of holes of decreasing size .
it is the home of the national university of rwanda .
however , the saltire design of the alabama state flag also looks like several other flags .
roger federer said that the weather was hot , but it was the same for both players .
it was an easy decision for artists to give itunes the download exclusive on an album because most people download music using itunes .
india ’ s super-rich have often surprised people around the world with their very high spending .
after the release of a promotional single , glory to the brave was released in europe .
when he was a teenager , after his mother died , he joined a south london gang .
hardy also said " burn out " and the need for time off were reasons for leaving wwe .
this act had also influenced charles , who had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden , " , an important metaphor in the book .
one researcher says that social media and the internet can be both a good thing and a problem .
both names merged with each other in 2007 to become the national museum of scotland .
we are pleased to see that so many scottish schools are taking part or want to . ”
he was arrested and forced to shoot an apple off his son 's head with a crossbow , if he did not both he and his son would be killed .
many women begin their careers as adults .
at about 1:00pm , the crowd broke into the undefended outer courtyard and the chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard were cut .
rich white women .
in 2013 , he told everyone the team had signed messi .
brantridge park is a former royal residence in balcombe , west sussex , england .
“ when i joined , prisoners were treated well – maybe too well .
and the women are not working. ” raymond domenech , former manager of the french national team , said : “ women know how to play football and how to manage and are good at doing it .
when she had that little moment with me , that was the end of the terror .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat .
emmen is a town in the northeast of the netherlands .
the company says that thousands of people die each year on the roads and that about 80 % of crashes are caused by human mistakes .
tea is still the most popular hot drink in the uk but people now spend more money on coffee .
cameron 's wife noble also starred in these movies , playing hattie durham .
he told me how he walked into houses , even when he knew people were there .
after the jerilderie robbery , the gang went into hiding for 16 months .
the attraction of the imported whisky was that no one who came to the wedding would be able to find the same drink in india .
but what attracts people here is wild animals and the wind . ”
sleep was for wimps .
but cliff downing , who teaches sea survival to sailors , said he wasn ’ t sure about the latest story .
the camps , where antisocial families will live for three to six months , have been called “ scum villages ” because last year geert wilders , the far-right politician , said that offenders should go to “ a village for scum ” .
it ’ s not fair. ” one of those young men was andy blackett , who had two trolleys full of bargains .
the government said that it wants customers to know that tips are voluntary .
he says that this isn ’ t just about making babies : “ i want this to be about children and love .
thal is one of the 10 districts of the canton of solothurn in switzerland , found in the center of the canton .
the low was found in a place that was good for development and a tropical cyclone formation alert was given out soon after the low formed .
talking at hay , goldsmith also revealed some of the secrets of his long career in the music industry .
you ’ ve finished the most important work of the day .
the daily mile has done a lot to improve these children ’ s fitness , behaviour and concentration in lessons so many other british schools are doing the same .
she works 14-hour days in the summer cleaning mansions .
“ in the uk , inequality is returning to levels not seen since the nineteenth century .
i have to work and i am not afraid .
the multimillion-pound project would also have a hotel and attract 100,000 visitors a year – that is four times the number that are currently able to use the observatory .
a suspended monorail connects the terminal building with the intercity and ice train station -lrb- high speed and extremely high speed trains -rrb- .
but these are all temporary things that give nothing more than a little bit of money for a few months . ”
“ in some societies , are certain forms of violence against women acceptable ? ” she asked .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
poorer countries will be most affected by climate change in the next century .
it ’ s all about confidence to move fast and to learn , ” she says .
so most people now use gps technology .
in other words , do not go trekking near the border that separates the indian and pakistani parts of kashmir .
the test often shows people have an allergy or a food intolerance when this is not true .
he makes friends with other gang members , or when he comes out of prison he tries to take control back .
studies following the media broadcast of the essjay controversy , a number of people noted the damage to the credibility of wikipedia .
in the maldives , the populations of whole islands may leave their homes .
in further experiments , the rats worked together on a task where they had to tell the difference between narrow and wide openings using their whiskers .
on may 3 , 1850 , he was baptised in the river lark , at isleham .
“ the people who come here are rich and famous but we who live here are not , ” says maria .
several other people were injured that summer .
but what we don ’ t understand is that , if we don ’ t do something , those digital versions may not be any better than the things that we digitized .
with a woman in control , maybe they will be less demanding. ” if we believe costa ’ s reputation , she will be the person making the demands .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
maycon de mattos batista , a financial analyst who used to work with anitta , said there has been a huge change in anitta ’ s image , but not of her colour .
“ if you ’ re god ’ s chosen person , how do you choose not be chosen ? ” she asked .
“ it is the only healthy way to start the day .
moocs are the newest idea to try to make higher education available to everyone .
this may mean that online study is unattractive or difficult for someone without high-level qualifications , but it suggests that moocs could be “ a really good tool for continuing education , ” he added .
they got quite bad reviews but they made $ 2.5 billion .
for many people , a blank sheet of paper is very daunting ; with a colouring book you just need to bring the colour .
“ the under-30s earn , on average , 20 % less since the 2008 downturn .
almost all had worse traffic jams than usual .
that evening , the woman was tickling dusty ’ s tummy and it looked so nice in the water .
about 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are needed to make a pound of silk .
they don ’ t know what to order , ” says carlsson .
the food helps them get through the cold , dark long island winter .
magazine .
bears are the most common large carnivore in europe – there are around 17,000 bears .
not at all , ” he said .
the fort was on a very good spot and was positioned high above sea level with clear views to the entrance of port jackson -lrb- sydney harbour / sydney heads -rrb- .
in 1963 , the emperor did everything he could to help start the organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- with its headquarters in addis ababa .
they are building a new road for 4x4s to lukla , to make sure tourists and their money can reach everest .
its uk chief executive david nussbaum said : “ the amount of destruction shown in this report should make us all change our behaviour .
but the council could not meet until 1545 , and met right before luther 's death .
other countries , such as china and korea , are also considering real-world emissions tests .
“ getting older doesn ’ t have to mean getting lonelier , ” says ruth sutherland , the chief executive of the relationship counselling service relate .
but , in early september , the rich and famous shut up their mansions and go back to manhattan or beverly hills .
in 1997 he had to leave his home , after it was flooded by the water of the dam .
“ we are all taught not to talk about money .
the grain is also important in many religious and cultural ceremonies .
but he said neither he nor the organization was corrupt .
during this time chang ' an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world .
the moon acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner part of saturn 's f ring .
strydom added : “ whatever happens , someone won ’ t be happy .
it originated as the title of current princes of wales in the 12th and 13th centuries .
like a typical bad boyfriend , dan sullivan arrived late to breakfast with the guardian because the police stopped him on his motorcycle .
this will fix the price for a certain type of good .
insects are very important to life on earth and they are the most diverse group of animals on the planet : there are more than a million species .
the term is generally applied to all of morocco , algeria , and tunisia , but in older arabic usage meant only the area of the three countries between the high ranges of the atlas mountains and the mediterranean sea .
links with poverty and crime the people who are functionally illiterate often have other problems as well : other people may intimidate them , they may have higher health risks , and stress .
but pointing a camera at someone ’ s body feels just as creepy as facial recognition .
violent separatists were fighting for an independent kashmir and they had killed more than 100 people there .
scientists have also lowered their predictions for sea-level rises .
worst thing about the job : long hours and an unpredictable work schedule mean it ’ s difficult to have a family life .
the research shows that fewer clouds form as the planet warms .
it included shorter test distances ( from 1,300 metres to below 700 metres ) , raised minimum temperatures from -7c to -3c and wanted to use more country roads for the tests .
craters on puck are named after spirits from european mythology .
the " angels " name is from the city that they came from : los angeles .
sand and soil washed from nearby farms is also blocking the channels that cross the park .
therefore , fixed focal lenses usually have a higher aperture than comparable variable focus lenses .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus by making grameen bank a part of shorebank with money from the ford foundation .
there are five rows of desks in front of a big green chalkboard and pictures of cartoon animals for each letter of the french alphabet .
he also said that the man had a basic health check and had low blood pressure but no serious problems and was able to walk .
we need to make sure we continue to encourage these businesses to invest in our country , but they should pay fair taxes as well. ” a spokeswoman for starbucks said : “ tax law can be extremely complex , but starbucks respects tax laws and accounting rules .
the government does not allow the export of raw teff grain , only of injera and other processed products .
things are hard. ’ you can ’ t say ‘ i have a ton of money. ’ you have to keep a lot of your life private. ” as a result , cockrell says , the rich hang out with other rich americans who understand them and their problems .
bolivia and mauritius are in higher positions than the size of their economies suggests .
we look at ten quirky solutions that could make our cities better places to live .
pullman , writer of the his dark materials trilogy , says authors and musicians work in poverty for years to bring their work to the level “ that gives happiness to their audiences and , when they achieve that , the possibility of making money from it is taken away from them ” .
this law says that the complex must be at least 200 metres from the coast ; it will be much farther than that – it will be 800 metres .
the team also said that the heart-shaped area on pluto will be called the tombaugh regio , after clyde tombaugh , who discovered the dwarf planet in 1930 .
we all know about wildlife emergencies such as the possible extinction of the tiger in india , the orangutan in indonesia and the panda .
he wanted to cross the channel because he speaks fluent english but , with language classes , he says he is happy to stay in france .
the wakker prize -lrb- in german : wakkerpreis , in french prix wakker -rrb- is given every year by the swiss heritage society to a municipality of switzerland for the making and saving of its historical buildings .
he was famous for this way of speaking during the 2008 election , but he stopped in 2012 .
eel ecologist the job : to help the critically endangered european eel to survive what this person does : checks the size of the endangered eels .
there are 1,001 hazards that would make his survival for so long very unlikely. ” more castaways poon lim , a chinese sailor from a british ship that was sunk by a german submarine in 1942 , survived 133 days on a wooden boat floating in the south atlantic .
in the middle ages the region was made rich because hanseatic city of rostock was close .
they need much more protein to stop their health getting worse and to allow healthy growth .
george walker bush -lrb- born july 6 , 1946 -rrb- was the 43rd president of the united states of america .
“ there was a big explosion and then lots of little explosions .
they are most often cyclonic , that is , related with a localized low pressure area inside a severe thunderstorm .
“ it ’ s bizarre how common stage fright is among artists .
his work driving forward the development of exciting new products such as the ipod has earned him some fans .
rainbows are made when sunlight hits raindrops .
george w bush , benedict cumberbatch and stephen hawking have done it .
but you need to check if they have an allergy and this takes a long time and many tests .
“ it was very surprising , ” erdmann , 62 , said , when she described how she found out about the bottle .
axani ’ s new travelling companion , was , of course , called elizabeth gallagher .
he got the idea after the minister for economic renewal , arnaud montebourg , asked the french people to buy french products .
the other group did a ten-minute warm-up on the bike , then four minutes of tabata training , four times a week – plus one 30-minute session of exercise with two minutes of tabata .
“ but we are ﬁnding that the mistakes are being made by the models that predict less warming , not the models that predict more warming. ” he added : “ sceptics may also point to the pause in the rise of temperatures since the end of the 20th century , but there is more and more evidence that we can not see this pause in other measures of the climate system .
“ so i changed my idea and gave the flowers to the boyfriends . ”
but they have avoided the more difficult job of trying to reduce chronic poverty , ” said shepherd .
so , now , it is time for our united kingdom to come together and to move forward with a balanced settlement , fair to people in scotland and , importantly , to everyone in england , wales and northern ireland , as well. ” ed miliband , the leader of the labour party , said the referendum was a vote from the scottish people for change .
barry moved up the east coast of the united states and by june 5 , it was taken over by a bigger storm .
providing cheaper gas is the only way to reduce demand for coal .
gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views , saying the job needs her to be neutral .
what mattered was that they gave helena costa the top job .
iceland and greenland knew of and recognised the overlordship of norway but when the norse invaded scotland the scottish were able to stop them and they made peace .
sivry-rance is a municipality found in the belgian province of hainaut .
artist exclusives is going to be the interesting bit when apple music opens .
but soon there are going to be more of these categories – or generic top-level domains ( gtlds ) as they are technically known .
they want to make maps of the whole world , but they have mostly stayed away from the arctic .
basford ’ s books are in second and eighth place – so half of amazon .
the story of the meeting was published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
some of his actions , now sometimes termed liberal interventionist , were not liked by a lot of people at the time .
environmental groups are angry .
the word accountancy comes from the word accountant .
thavis said that in the long interview benedict gave to a german journalist in 2010 , he had said he would resign if he felt he could no longer do the job .
it didn ’ t happen , so i think it will be impossible to build new hotels. ” tarifa is at the most southern point of spain .
the term dorsal means the parts that are either located toward or grow off that side of an animal .
please do not take photos or videos during the shows .
the scandal started when a customer complained in a blogpost that a 'scallop ' dish he ordered at the prince hotel in tokyo contained a similar , but cheaper , type of shellfish .
eating too much , malnourishment and waste are all increasing .
but there is a lot of food loss in developing countries because of the poor conditions they have. ” the environmental impact of food loss and waste is high .
kosuke morita , who led the research at riken , said his team now planned to “ look to element 119 and beyond ” .
the bottle is possibly the world ’ s oldest message in a bottle .
on 22 september , french sudan changed its name to the republic of mali and left the french community .
false memories are sometimes a problem with eyewitness statements in courts of law .
in the famous first scene of goldeneye ( released in 1995 ) , bond falls into a light aeroplane without a pilot .
most winners ( 82 % ) bought a new house , spending an average £900,000 .
in germany and austria , people still pay with paper money and coins more than half the time .
the average shower lasts seven minutes and uses 65 litres of water .
it is also a major tourist destination. ” they will discuss the disputed bids again at a meeting of icann ’ s governmental advisory committee in durban in july .
they distributed leaflets to customers – the customers were “ shocked and disgusted ” by the practice .
scarborough railway station is a railway station in scarborough , north yorkshire , england .
“ the money made broadcasting the london olympics was almost enough to pay for a mission to mars , ” bas lansdorp , the company ’ s founder , said .
“ a lot of the performance venues were already starting to show that consideration to performers .
“ facebook is now for older people. ” the low cost of buying and using a blackberry is still an advantage .
but the mirror was 5c cooler than the air temperature .
richard neville dobson known professionally as ritchie neville -lrb- born 23 august , 1979 , in solihull , birmingham , england -rrb- is an english singer .
they have taken their warmest winter clothes , many laptop computers and an 18kg telescopic camera that they can fix to their backpacks .
delacourt said that he chose to mention johansson because she is famous for her beauty .
“ i wrote a real love story about women ’ s beauty , especially interior beauty .
he was named as sports illustrated athlete of the year in 1982 .
they whir quietly every few minutes .
“ maybe , in the next 20 years , you ’ ll be able to buy a cheap ticket , just go for a little visit . ”
but the differences in the sizes of bonuses do make britain ’ s pay gap worse .
apple has most of this – this means it is the biggest music retailer in the world .
others argue that there will probably not be a complete victory for either side and hope for a political solution that comes from abroad .
modi said that yoga is a gift of india ’ s ancient tradition .
the electrons and the positive ions in the metal have a strong attractive force between them .
joe jensen , who works for intel , says that the aim of using realsense technology in shops is not to get information about specific people ’ s lives but to understand , in general , people ’ s lifestyles and shopping habits .
putting the po box addresses on the map would mean the new map would show all the companies , banks and schools in the same place , around the canada post building in the centre of town .
the video was shown on mtv2 on july 14 , 2006 .
the company opened its first factory in china in april 2014 .
the northern french half comprises the collectivité de saint-martin -lrb- collectivity of st. martin -rrb- and is a overseas territory of france .
the yes campaign had four big successes – it won 53 % of the vote in scotland ’ s largest city , glasgow , 57 % in dundee and 51 % in north lanarkshire .
he also invented the binary system , foundation of virtually all modern computers .
birmingham is a city of iowa in the united states .
in christianity , an archbishop is an important bishop .
riding an e-bike feels like riding a normal bike with a strong wind behind you ; the motor just helps you go faster or climb hills .
amazon has applied for many new domains , including “ .shop ” , “ .song ” , “ .book ” and “ .kindle ” .
but a child born in britain today has more than a 25 % chance of reaching their 100th birthday .
they do not have to be university educated and they must not earn more than €15,000 .
but antibiotic resistant bacteria became more and more common .
“ if we want to find what ’ s going on with the midlife crisis , we should look at what is similar in middle-aged humans , chimps and orangutans , ” he said .
“ i hate to think , ” he says , but he mentions the swiss climber , ueli steck , who fled the mountain in april after an argument with a group of sherpas .
valter piscedda , the mayor of elmas , a small town near sardinia ’ s capital , cagliari , wants to pay residents to leave .
but this is no longer true .
the moon scenes were shot at the warner bros studios , where the harry potter films were made , and the specially built set was created by one of the team behind the latest star wars film , the force awakens .
it is famous for kiwifruit , which is grown there .
his computer was replaced by a qooq , a tablet that connects – slowly – to the internet and the iphone , which he swapped for an old sagem mobile .
mitchell is the second author to be part of the future library project .
the hotel investigated the complaint and as a result corrected more than 50 menu items at dozens of its restaurants .
at addis ababa airport , visitors see pictures of golden grains , tiny red seeds and a group of men around a giant pancake .
at the beginning of the final series of the tv programme , downton abbey , there is a feeling of sadness and everyone knows things are changing .
“ the normal time limit for a civil action is three to six years , ” they said .
these were the last winter games to be held in the same year as the summer games .
they have a very strong sense of smell . ”
according to a recent study , people born in the 1990s are using cars less than older generations .
the table below shows those differences .
the new kindle features improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text out loud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimetres -rrb- .
copenhagen looked at the risks and challenges but it also looked at the solutions .
together , the machines are called a 'virtobot ' .
it may seem like a good idea to do just one test and get a quick answer .
the big e-cigarette companies will study the fi gures carefully because they have spent millions of pounds on a technology that they thought was becoming more popular .
modern african history has been full of revolutions and wars as well as the growth of modern african economies and democratization across the continent .
also , a very successful goldeneye video game created new , younger fans of bond and made people think that the bond film was no longer boring and old-fashioned .
the words say : “ teff : the best gluten-free crop ! ” ethiopia is one of the world ’ s poorest countries , well known for its difficult food situation .
hundreds of young cubans are using a free , unrestricted internet service in the communist island nation .
the team moved to the state of tennessee in 1997 , and played in memphis for one season before moving to nashville .
galindo says the complex does not break the law .
” on french radio , the author recently said the legal action was “ sad. ” delacourt is one of france ’ s best-loved authors ; his last novel , my list of desires , was translated into 47 languages and they are making a film of it .
“ if there are photos you really care about , print them out. ” ancient civilizations did not have these problems because people wrote histories down and we need only eyes to read them .
“ you don ’ t realize how safe vienna is until you go abroad , ” said hartlauer .
research from 2009 supports this idea .
different number systems can clearly cause confusion .
the international union of pure and applied chemistry ( iupac ) is the global organization that controls chemical names .
he was in rome for an official meeting .
another estimate is that a quarter of cubans have access to the internet – still one of the lowest rates in the western hemisphere .
this film is one of the hit films of waheed murad .
if he does n't like how a relationship is going , he tries to " fizzle " things out .
although he grew up in a devout lutheran household , bergman stated that he lost his faith at age eight but came to terms with this fact only when making winter light .
the historical method are the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
plot fireproof is the story of a firefighter , captain caleb holt , who lives by the old firefighter 's adage : never leave your partner behind .
lovemore , from zimbabwe , is now one of the poorest people in his village .
victoria island is an island in the canadian arctic archipelago and the border between nunavut and the northwest territories runs through the island .
the government lost about £32 billion in 2011 because multinational businesses did not pay enough tax .
“ everywhere you go , people are talking about how there ’ s less water .
the iss , he said , is a place that uses the power of the sun and an international team helped to build it .
the fish farm gives these people with hiv a way of getting back into society – now they are buying and selling with people in the market every week. ” 1.5 % of liberia ’ s 3.5 million people are hiv positive .
after the man pulled me out of the water , dusty swam away but , then , she came back and looked at me .
the second is education , from early childhood to the start of work , so people can escape and stay out of poverty .
the group word for all types of ammunition is munitions .
in the first photo , before she was famous , she looked darker .
in the fall of 2006 , the villages of cavergno and bignasco were put into the municipality , even though bignasco did n't want to do so .
“ during two and a half days , i think we met about 24 people .
if one gang knows that an elder [ leader ] has been arrested , then they suddenly think that gang ’ s weak ... and so we have fights between different gangs .
one picture showed the bottom of his skull cut off by one terrible hit , probably from a razor-sharp iron axe .
luis suárez miramontes -lrb- born 2 may , 1935 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
people who support bolivia ’ s position said that defending the rights of indigenous people was the right thing to do .
in the past three decades , the city has sunk four metres .
but , if you are a girl in iceland , you can not be called harriet .
the tiny classroom can hold 30 pupils .
apple , and the record industry , can not afford to get rid of the download market yet – so streaming and downloading will have to coexist under the apple brand .
12 needle in a haystack with modern technology , it seems strange that malaysian flight mh370 could disappear – but finding a missing aircraft is a needle-in-a- haystack problem .
the mars one website says that the astronauts can not expect to return .
when google made maps of other parts of the world it used a special camera on a car roof .
so far , there are detailed maps of about 2,000 miles of california ’ s roads , but california has more than 170,000 miles of roads .
but mary chapman at food analysts technomic said that it wasn ’ t fair to say that mcdonald ’ s was more expensive than its rivals .
“ there is no evidence that the increase in attacks is a result of increasing shark numbers .
for 85 years , it was just a grey blob on classroom maps of the solar system .
3 glow-in-the-dark trees when most people think of trees that glow in the dark , they usually think of christmas trees .
british people have fewer strong friendships than other europeans and they know their neighbours less well .
it also allows the government to keep the data .
the internationally known cuban artist kcho is providing the service .
i will never forget the wonderful memories he has given us , like that magical night in moscow. ” avie glazer , his brother , said : “ i am very happy to tell you that alex has agreed to stay with the club as a director .
“ your problems are real . ”
“ but , the rest of us live here all year. ” “ there are famous and very wealthy people but also hard-working and poor people .
the owner of the property can do whatever they want with it , ” keszler said .
cockrell is a former wall street worker who is now a therapist .
fw de klerk – the south african president who freed mandela from prison and shared the nobel peace prize with him in 1993 – said the news was very sad for south africa and the world .
vicki littman , chairperson of the east hampton food pantry , which gave more than 31,000 food parcels in 2015 , says there are more and more people coming to the food pantry .
the san antonio spurs are a team in the national basketball association in san antonio , texas .
at the island bay marine education centre in wellington , an octopus visited another tank every night to steal crabs , then return to its own tank .
worst thing about the job : the long hours .
he says that britain ’ s insects and other invertebrates are declining just as fast as vertebrates .
the project is now a fish farm with 12 tanks , each with 5,000 fish – and will give up to 200,000 fish per year to a community of 1,200 mainly hiv-positive people , including king and his family .
in 2011 , bolivia told the un that it did not want to be part of the convention any more .
dr gavin sandercock of essex university and his colleagues found that children born in the autumn had “ a clear physical advantage ” over their classmates .
now , its lowest point , piazza san marco ( only three feet above sea level ) floods approximately 100 times a year .
history the landsberg prisn was built around 1910 on the town 's western edge .
it had 22 million views on youtube by the first week of january – more than the 16.6m views of sainsbury ’ s ad with first world war soldiers sharing a bar of chocolate , the uk ’ s second most popular ad of 2014 .
in 2012 , for every 84 men aged 60 and over , there were 100 women .
at the moment , they use helicopters to rescue both climbers and trekkers who walk to everest base camp .
baumgartner went up into clear skies in an enormous balloon – it was 30 million square cubic feet and its skin was one-tenth the thickness of a sandwich bag .
“ but he did not think it would take 101 years. ” she said she was moved by the arrival of the message , but she did not known her grandfather because he died , at the age of 54 , six years before she was born .
it allows artists to post music , videos , photos and more to their profile pages .
kalinowski thinks that mcdonald ’ s sales will continue to fall but he thinks it will be number one for many years .
“ one of the boyfriends wrote to me and said , 'she ’ s not mad but cynthia found out'. ” of all the women betterboyfriend.me deliver packages to , about 50 % know that sullivan chooses the presents they receive : “ it ’ s connected with age .
in the report they criticize official mistakes and say that the victims and other fans were not to blame .
according to a letter sent to his church , he and his doctors thought that the cancer was not a big problem .
a recent report from the world wildlife fund ( wwf ) confirms that worrying idea – statistics from the report show a very big reduction in the numbers of many species .
“ basically there will be no such thing as the perfect murder any more because a virtual autopsy allows you to find every piece of evidence , ” he said .
van otterdijk says the uk has been very successful in reducing food waste .
they reduce the number of herbivores , which allows trees to grow tall for birds to nest in. ” the ban on wolf hunting in the western carpathian mountains became law in 1995 and in the whole of poland in 1998 .
“ fifa is not corrupt .
this is a problem for people who live in northern mauritania .
“ the opportunity to go abroad to learn about the workplace and experience other cultures can be very worthwhile .
the mirror technology it uses is more expensive than the solar panels that we can see on roofs all over the world but it will be able to produce power even after the sun goes down .
in my case , i have always found languages quite easy , apart from the numbers .
the term is used on both common weather changes and to very hot spells which may occur only once a century .
campaigners believe we must do something to improve equality at work .
she was a totally different dolphin ; the anger was gone .
this belief most likely came from the fact that it is possible to have the furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by petting it whenever it said these words .
hindenburg often complained that he missed the quiet of his retirement and , that politics was full of ideas like economics that he did not understand .
a panamanian fisherman sued princess cruises in 2012 after one of their ships ignored cries for help from him and two other people in their broken boat .
mortgages are cheaper than ever before but people who have large deposits still get the best mortgages .
the moroccan city of ouarzazate is on the edge of the sahara desert .
“ there needs to be a story to the product .
customers who believed they ate expensive kuruma shrimps were told they in fact ate much cheaper black tiger shrimps .
the population of this ward in 2001 was 16,800 people in 5,700 houses .
“ it shows the power of star wars – the prequels were disappointing but they still made a lot of money , ” said rosser .
trivia rodia is one of the famous people seen on the cover of the beatles , sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band album .
support the team , ” and “ you can sit at home. ” manchester united have also told fans to leave their “ large electronic devices ” at home .
“ twenty-two handshakes , ” he explains afterwards , proudly .
stern said the images from new horizons were just the beginning and that we would learn more about the planet soon .
you probably know a vaper – someone who smokes e-cigarettes .
“ we wanted to build a giant atlas that shows how the meanings of words are represented in the brain , ” said jack gallant , a neuroscientist at the university of california , berkeley .
“ you never know , ” said yarrell .
one poll shows his support among republicans has reduced by 12 points – although , at 31 % , he is still winning .
it has broken windows and its walls are painted with anti-climb paint .
he does not see susanna coming back into the bedroom with the clothes and hiding after she realises what is wrong -lrb- she knows that to show herself now would be bad for the countess -rrb- .
this is shown by the huge number of novels , comic books , video games and merchandising that lucasfilm has created .
dark sky parks are rare .
“ we apologize for lying to our clients , ” it said .
“ everyone can do it but beginners should start with educated trainers so that they don ’ t work too hard , ” he explains .
he then went on to score in celtic 's 1 0 uefa champions league win against copenhagen from the penalty spot and scored two in the 3 0 win over benfica .
the idea of helping people to leave is sensitive at a time when many italians – many of them clever young graduates – are leaving their country every year .
when they are finished , the four plants at ouarzazate will be as big as morocco ’ s capital city , rabat , and make 580 mega-watts of electricity , enough for a million homes .
guillaume chapron from sweden ’ s university of agricultural sciences and researchers across europe found wolves living in suburban areas with up to 3,050 people per square kilometre .
the following campaigns were more or less successful , and the imperial exarchate was established in ravenna for italy , but imperial influence was often limited .
the book suggests that people “ take a few minutes , wherever you are , and colour your way to peace “ i think it is really relaxing to unplug , ” said basford .
it is a cheap way to stay healthy . ”
the armenian legion was made for the goals of the armenian national liberation movement and was an armed unit besides the armenian volunteer units and armenian militia during world war i which fought against the ottoman empire .
many people still believe he killed the little princes in the tower : the child edward v and his brother richard , were kept as prisoners in the tower of london when richard iii became king and they were never seen alive again .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
parts of europe , including much of scandinavia , never used serfdom or other feudal institutions .
the team spent four days collecting the images and information that will give the isolated community on baffin island something that people across the world who live in cities now take for granted .
his decision to cut the bridges on the han river stopped thousands of people from escaping from the communists .
history the drug enforcement administration was started on 1 july 1973 , by reorganization plan no. 2 of 1973 , signed by president richard nixon on 28 march 1973 .
i think people will think the ad is really cute . ”
i just can ’ t stop , ” she says , when she phones me a few days after the interview to read out a poem she has written about the joys of exercise .
but , now , for children aged 12 to 15 , phone calls make up just 3 % of time spent communicating through any device .
for example , most countries really underestimate how much of their population is overweight .
it will then release itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
he is already waiting at the classroom more than half an hour before his teachers arrive .
the town is made up mainly of mud houses and small canals that give water .
sparbo has lived all her life in rjukan and says , “ this is so warming .
he added that his gallery had received many emails and phone calls from the uk , but said he thought it was right to sell the two pieces of artwork because it would keep them safe .
carter made her first appearance on screen in the k. m. peyton film , a pattern of roses , before appearing in her first starring role in lady jane .
carle ’ s conclusion : “ it ’ s not entirely possible to live 100 % ‘ made in france ’ , particularly in terms of new technology .
to check if people might prefer something bad to nothing at all , the students had the possibility of giving themselves a mild electric shock .
the real challenge is to allow those countries not just to study moocs , but also to create them .
“ in all three groups we find that chimpanzees and orangutans are most unhappy at an age that is roughly equal to midlife in humans , ” weiss said .
i do not think of quinn in a romantic way at all .
'rainfall patterns will change .
most people use it to get fit or to get even fitter , but the programme also burns fat .
adults in the uk now eat an average of 75g of pizza every week compared with none in 1974 .
the foreign intelligence surveillance act ( fisa ) was changed in december 2012 .
in ten years , the social network has changed people ’ s relationships , privacy , their businesses , news media , helped to end unfair governments and even changed the meaning of common words .
meps also decided that most electronic cigarettes , which are more and more popular as alternatives to normal cigarettes , do not to be need regulated in the same way as medicines .
“ it ’ s important to be able to reorganize staff rotas quickly to respond to the weather and zero-hours contracts allow us to do this. ” politician chuka umunna said , “ while some employees welcome the flexibility of zero-hours contracts , for many , zero-hours contracts leave them insecure and unsure of when work will come , ” he said .
a quarter of women also pressed the shock button .
the aten is usually shown as a sun disk with rays coming out of all sides .
most live outside nature reserves – this shows that changing attitudes and conservation methods are protecting these species very well .
dr kelley said that , when children are around ten , their natural wake-up time is about 6.30am ; at 16 , this rises to 8am ; and , at 18 , a person ’ s natural waking hour is 9am , although you may think they are just a lazy teenager .
qualifications : usually , social engineers have a degree in it but an understanding of psychology is also useful .
“ we have almost no reservations in august , when usually we are full. ” but there is an even bigger crisis ahead – the government has said it will end a tax break for islands .
and we are not producing new bands that can headline – like the rolling stones , muse , even the arctic monkeys. ” there were about 900 music festivals in the uk between may and september in 2014 , he said , and they can not all continue .
he attended the general theological seminary and earned his b.a. and m.a , in theology from oriel college , oxford university -lrb- 1962 , 1966 -rrb- .
the study comes at a time of big population changes : by 2050 , there will probably be two billion people aged 60 and over , which will be more than a fifth of the world ’ s population .
in law , a precedent or authority is a legal case that established a principle or rule that a court may need to adopt when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts .
the team said the findings of plague and anthrax are not serious .
“ you don ’ t buy a house like new place and not live there , ” paul edmondson said .
this means that less sunlight reﬂects back into space and this makes temperatures even higher .
it decided in august 1989 that the police stories of fan drunkenness and violence were false , and it criticized the police for telling lies .
he tells the story of the holy grail and says that he is lohengrin , knight of the holy grail and son of king parsifal .
louis xiii of france -lrb- 27 september 1601 – 14 may 1643 -rrb- was king of france from 1610 to 1643 .
when the researchers analyzed the questionnaires , they found that well-being in the apes decreased in middle age and increased again as the animals became old .
it is the eighth largest island in greece so it will have to pay the tax increases in autumn 2015 .
the city became less important after this war , and only recovered in the nineteenth century , when it grew as an industrial centre .
this means that 11.7 % of all food people buy is wasted , which costs each family £700 a year .
in chelyabinsk , schools and universities were closed and people were told to go home early .
18 % of internet users aged over 12 say they have pirated items , and 9 % say they are afraid they will get caught .
in britain and america , streaming may soon make more money for the music industry than downloads from online stores such as apple ’ s itunes .
they make the waste into products such as mattresses , pillows and trash bags .
1 .
in any case , there are more and more eyes watching you and they care a lot about what you ’ re wearing .
the national party , promoting a policy of " change " , won 45 % of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in parliament , a big margin over the labour party which won 43 seats .
it was the american , british , and french occupied sectors that were created in 1945 .
so , japan has a low birth rate and the population is declining .
lucy smith , glastonbury ’ s green issues organizer , said : “ we have amazing water quality in the uk but everyone drinks bottled water. ” there is currently 150 million tonnes of plastic rubbish around the planet and oceans , poisoning ecosystems and killing wildlife .
the mouse models created by the mit team will help scientists ask more complex questions about memories in people .
hamblin realized that the human body , working on its own , is lovely .
the town is at the end of the murray to the mountains rail trail .
“ we think that filming at concerts adds to the experience , and i think that , if kate bush came round for a cup of tea , we could have a really interesting discussion about this , ” he added .
episode viii will come out in 2017 and a spin-off called rogue one will arrive in cinemas in 2016 .
qualifications : to dive offshore , you must have diving qualifications .
on june 24 , 1979 , -lrb- on the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb- , glinde became a town .
the religion of teotihuacán is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures .
this split the tigers into two groups which then went onto develop alone .
riluzole does not heal the damage already done to motor neurons , and patients taking the drug must be watched for liver damage and other side-effects .
some articles are quite long and have a lot content while others are shorter -lrb- possibly stubs -rrb- and of lesser quality .
the best type of quinine used to treat malaria was found by charles marie de la condamine in 1737 .
passenger trains stopped going to forbes in 1983 .
she was prime minister for 11 years until members of her own party removed her in 1990 .
people are talking a lot about loneliness at the moment .
after the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last movie rocky v , stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth movie which would be a more appropriate ending to the series .
meanwhile , her stepfather , the falangist captain vidal , hunts the spanish maquis , guerrillas who continued fighting the franco regime in the region , as her pregnant mother grows ill .
the west coast blues is a type of blues music related to jazz and jump blues , with lots of piano sounds and jazz guitar solos , which originated from texas blues musicians that moved to california in the 1940s .
the company is building about 100 prototypes for a two-year test .
the show is currently not on the air in the u.s.
all have their own networks .
in salvador , some journey times were five times longer than usual .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to severely increase and a weakening trend began .
swiss police arrested the president of the south american football confederation , the paraguayan juan ángel napout , and alfredo hawit , the head of the north and central american and caribbean governing body .
earlier , scotland ’ s first minister , alex salmond , said he accepted scotland had not decided to vote for independence this time .
' ” she mimes taping her mouth shut .
since its creation , the distribution has become very different from slackware while still still being able to use its binary packages .
after that , she appeared in several episodes of the television series nypd blue during 1994 and 1995 .
this is the time when most workers would think about going home .
inside the boat , they found a very thin man with long hair and a beard , who said he drifted for 16 months after leaving mexico , more than 12,500km away .
captain feathersword is a friendly pirate who wears a coat , hat , eye patch and a sword made of feathers .
clermont is 14th out of the 20 teams in its league at the moment .
fiorito first produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .
they also disliked just sitting and thinking .
ice dwarfs that are in hydrostatic equilibrium are called plutoids .
has apple connect made apple the most artist-friendly service ?
“ the main reason humans control the planet is that we are very good at communicating and coordinating .
a friend died at sea several months before , he said .
rob yarrell , national manager of the national aquarium of new zealand in napier , said : “ octopuses are famous for their ability to escape .
the 27-storey tower has helicopter pads , indoor cinemas and more than 600 people who work there .
“ if you had to build a visitor attraction from the beginning , what could be better than the universe ? ”
the atlas uses rainbow colours to show how words and their meanings are grouped together in areas of the brain .
what was the task ?
rents and car insurance have never been so high , ” he said , “ and many jobs – zero-hour and short-term contracts – turn younger workers into second-class citizens. ” jenna gavin , 29 , lives in the family home where she grew up .
galina zaglumyonova was woken in her flat in central chelyabinsk by a very big explosion that broke the balcony windows and broke pots containing her houseplants .
we thought that companies would continue to make more and more antibiotics .
it ’ s usually done in short periods , between breaths .
she said “ in my opinion , there is no evidence for the midlife crisis. ” but weiss believes the study could give us a deeper understanding of the emotional crisis some men may experience .
but lemnos is far less wealthy than many smaller islands .
not all bundesländer have this sub-division ; some are directly divided into districts .
he improved in history throughout his school years while his grades in other subjects remained normal .
it only rains 2-3 times a year , never more than 20 mm .
an international agreement to improve safety in bangladesh ’ s clothes factories could face legal action .
with the highest carbon emissions , coal makes climate change a lot worse , especially when it is burned in old-fashioned , inefficient power stations .
gomaespuma is a radio show , presented by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
only around 1 % of people who have never smoked have tried an electronic cigarette .
hygiene technician the job : to clean areas that might be dangerous to humans what this person does : cleans up crime scenes , road accidents and suicides .
they are some of the main reasons people visit protected areas .
atlantic hurricane seasons pre-1600 1600s / 10s 1620s / 30s observation info for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was non-existent in the pre-columbian era , and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost .
the couple welcome the judge ’ s decision .
he was given a fulbright scholarship in 1965 , to study in the united states .
fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy movie .
some of these genes still exist in modern europeans today .
traditionally , people send presents such as silver plates , dried fruit or sweets with wedding invitations .
working group 1 : studies the science of the climate system and climate change .
since 2013 , cuban authorities have opened hundreds of internet salons , where an hour online costs $ 4.50 .
in 1974 he was tried and acquitted of taking part in the raid that rescued baader .
the station and all trains using it are run by national express east anglia .
this punishment would send a message to the world and , the couple hope , stop paparazzi taking photos like this in the future .
she has had many operations in pakistan and the uk after the shooting on the bus .
of course they ’ re going to complain , ” he adds .
she said : “ with adult athletes , there are many factors that make a champion and we don ’ t think that month of birth is one of the key ingredients . ”
psyche appears to be a case of an exposed metallic core from a bigger differentiated parent body .
the chance to visit international news websites , communicate with friends and family overseas and use sites like facebook and twitter has created a lot of excitement .
things are very different for brooks – he has his own coach .
“ we will also make changes in england , wales , and the whole of the united kingdom. ” nick clegg , the deputy prime minister , said a vote against independence was “ not a vote against change ” .
a fifth of the city ’ s rubbish goes into the illegal dumps , according to the environment ministry .
hospitals have also become better at organizing transplants – for example , they have important discussions with relatives when no one knows what the wishes of the dead person were .
but jet lag can be reduced if you keep food bland for 24 hours before travel , drink a lot and live on your destination time from the moment you get on the aircraft .
“ if a drone loses radio contact , it will keep going and crash into the ground , ” said robot expert daniel huber .
the third is economic growth policies that make sure that the benefits of increasing national wealth reach the poorest people .
café rouge , bella italia and belgo deduct 10 % ; strada and giraffe do , too .
by 2033 , the whole city will be far away from the mine .
“ our stadium , old trafford , is one of the most important venues in the world .
kate faehrmann , a board member at the sea shepherd conservation society , said from a protest in perth : “ we ’ ve been saying all along that this policy won ’ t work .
business people , revolutionaries , demonstrators and rioters used to believe that their messages were secret .
seven people listened to two hours of stories each .
“ in 2013 , british people gave £62 billion to charity – we should be proud of that .
this is not helpful to people with color blindness -lrb- especially monochromacy -rrb- , on black-and-white printouts , on older monitors with fewer colors , on monochrome displays -lrb- pdas , cell phones -rrb- , etc .
the applicants must be out of work and have lived in the town for three years .
“ but it changed from a proper regional interview over several days to a ten-minute skype call. ” roche says he does not want to give more interviews because he doesn ’ t want to sound negative about space travel .
at downton abbey , lord grantham wants to reduce the number of servants .
“ batteries are getting smaller , they ’ re getting lighter , they ’ re getting more reliable and they are lasting longer , ” says don dicostanza , the ceo of pedego , an electric bikemaker and retailer .
beresford is a city in south dakota , a state of the united states of america .
she watched a film about a fish farm in thailand several years ago and had the idea of starting a similar project in liberia , so that hiv sufferers could have work and also get a source of protein .
then , downton began and highclere became a major tourist attraction. ” the number of visitors doubled , to 1,200 a day , after downton abbey , written by julian fellowes , was shown around the world .
for all adults , this rises to 20 % and , for young adults , it is 9 % .
british labour party leader , ed miliband , said : “ she will be remembered as a unique person .
he criticizes internet users who think it is ok to download music or books without paying for them .
in real life , it is difficult to end a friendship but , on facebook , it is easy to “ unfriend ” someone .
guangxi is a self governing region of the people 's republic of china where mostly zhuang people live .
these diagrams are not pictures or maps of the locations of the stars .
she she had been an academic , barrister , and member of the irish senate from 1969 to 1989 .
he married and became a farmer in lyndhurst , hampshire .
“ it ’ s nothing to do with feminism ; it ’ s about equality – we wanted to show we can do it. ” there is a lot of prejudice in the beer world .
it is probably a primitive body made of carbonates .
she also became the countess of boulogne when her father died in 1125 .
archers of loaf was an indie rock band from chapel hill , north carolina , united states .
they are functions of an angle ; they are important when studying triangles , among many other applications .
he saw the medical emergency as a warning and started to slow down .
“ these days , it ’ s rolex watches and louis vuitton bags , ” says gupta .
you ’ ve spent eight hours in the office .
as the british economy became healthy again after the problems that her policies caused , it seemed for a short time that no-one would ever defeat her .
this citizen expelled it in 1552 , with france : this was unacceptable for charles , who sent his general gian giacomo medici to lay siege to it with a florentine-imperial army .
“ i want to pick my date for the election .
in february 2013 , with the possibility of eight years in prison , he decided to run away .
electrobike has 30 stores in mexico .
coat of arms the coat of arms of the municipality are taken from the garbani , or garban family for its french and northern american branch , starting from the village , who are people who sell things or people of power .
some people say it wastes water .
i am grateful that i am healthy .
a good education system is very useful later in life – basic literacy is very important for older people when they have to read and complete pensions documents .
crime has increased because austerity measures have cut the income of ordinary greeks by 40 % .
“ the reaper drone , for example , has one failure in 10,000 hours , ” singh said .
he said conditions were dangerous for the players .
“ i wanted to develop a cash machine and , to make this happen , i invented the pin [ personal identification number ] and a coded token. ” goodfellow ’ s first machines were installed in 1967 .
“ i like the way he speaks , ” says sandra murray of dubuque , iowa .
it will limit the amount of nicotine in e-cigarettes to below their current levels .
in addition to the fish , waste from the tanks is collected and used to water crops , also giving food and money to the community .
it says that it is important that countries stay in the convention .
she first played the piano in public when she was five .
“ all of these apps use your smartphone .
on indiegogo , users can offer “ perks ” for different levels of investment – for example , people who helped to fund hunt ’ s light could feel good about helping someone who is less rich , but they also got one of his lights as a present .
born with the name rolihlahla dalibhunga in a small village in the eastern cape on 18 july , 1918 , a teacher at mandela ’ s school gave him his english name , nelson .
before its end , andover , kansas would record the year 's only f5 tornado -lrb- see the andover , kansas tornado -rrb- .
their match stemmed from the royal rumble , the pay-per-view event two months before wrestlemania .
so , should we all start using tabata in our fitness programmes ?
research at the university of chicago has found that loneliness is twice as bad for older people ’ s health as obesity .
lots of the staff complained about the 8 % deduction from their tips so that ’ s why unite began the campaign .
he then said that , “ if a one-way mission to mars ever became possible , i would always volunteer .
iso 3166-1 , is part of the iso 3166 standardit gives a code for the names of countries and dependent territories , and is published by the international organization for standardization -lrb- iso -rrb- .
it is thought to have been written by a person named obadiah , which means “ servant -lrb- or worshipper -rrb- of the lord ” .
obama told the happy crowd of supporters : “ tonight in this election , you , the american people , reminded us that while our road has been hard , while our journey has been long , we have picked ourselves up , we have fought our way back .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the area .
in our hospitals and our doctor ’ s surgeries we use antiobiotics too often .
“ i ’ m proud of what i ’ ve done , ” he said in an interview by skype from a secret location .
“ tourist numbers have reduced by 80 % this year , ” said mayor maria kakali , in an office in the village where she grew up .
they are creating a computer that can read old files .
rather , it is consistent with a changing population and human behaviour ; that is , there are greater numbers of people in the water , ” it said .
you need water to digest protein .
“ in theory , you could imagine that a combination of brains could find solutions that individual brains can not find alone. ” anders sandberg , of oxford university , said the work was “ very important ” in helping to understand how brains process information .
bartho boer , a spokesman for the mayor , says that the plans are not illiberal .
in the 1960s , don sahlin told love to meet with jim henson , which was where love and henson first met .
taxi-sharing services like uber and apps like waze , which finds the quickest routes for drivers , are completely changing how people move around and affecting the way traffic moves through a city .
iero uses the band as a way to express about the way he sees the worldartist info - leathermouth epitaph.com.
the manchester united manager , sir alex ferguson , will retire at the end of the season after 27 years .
it is not clear what will happen to the bottle after that , but erdmann hopes it will stay at the museum .
it is a major commuter belt town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
in 1961 , she made her first appearance at the metropolitan opera as aïda and the next year she sang in the royal opera house in the same role .
already people are saying that there was a secret in benedict ’ s past and that somebody was going to tell everyone .
the third big result was , he said , “ a surprise to us ” .
but , on 15 july , we saw pluto in high resolution for the first time .
women can drink whatever they want , ” she says .
suvs are even raced , such as in the paris-dakar rally and the australian safari .
the list is sorted by film and character , as some characters have been played by multiple actors .
they said it was an april fools ' day joke , but not many people who saw the signs had seen the phrase before .
a main source of the river is lulusar lake , nearly 48km from naran valley .
but piscedda says , “ the work i can create , as mayor , is temporary .
“ we can do it is not a female beer .
the army of the british east india company recruited mostly muslims in the bengal presidency -lrb- which consisted of bengal , bihar and uttar pradesh -rrb- , and high caste hindus mainly from the rural plains of oudh .
but after six weeks they saw the results and were surprised .
peter sands , the former head of standard chartered bank , said we should get rid of large notes , including the €500 , the $ 100 , the 1,000 swiss franc note and the £50 .
this is a list of motorways in the united kingdom .
“ i didn ’ t understand what was going on , ” said zaglumyonova .
in 2005 , american historian doris kearns goodwin wrote a book about abraham lincoln .
illegal downloading is morally wrong , and it is theft , the same as putting your hand in someone ’ s pocket and stealing their wallet is theft , says author philip pullman .
e. add the right copyright notice for the changes -lrb- next to the other copyright notices -rrb- .
note that adrastea is now the name of another moon of jupiter .
but nothing can compare with his jump above the town of roswell , a place famous for its ufo sightings .
shakespeare was famous in his own lifetime but there is little documentary evidence about shakespeare ’ s life and times .
the town of 7,000 people will go on display via google ’ s popular street view application in july 2013 .
the word was first used for the limbs of fish , but it is now also used when describing other animal limbs and man-made devices .
it also exports the flatbread to finland , germany , sweden and the us , mostly for ethiopians who live there .
when the national party is in a coalition government its leader is usually the deputy prime minister .
in march 2001 , the world wrestling federation bought world championship wrestling .
i say well done to president michy .
e-bikes are banned in some states in the us , including new york .
it is also not known yet if oxytocin only has benefits for people with autism or has any bad side effects .
fresh potatoes are also becoming less popular with a 67 % decrease from 1974 , when adults ate around 188g every day .
because of the growth in cranbourne several new primary schools are being planned .
the faa will finally introduce rules for using unmanned aircraft by june 2016 .
for the album black tie white noise ( 1993 ) , he included elements of soul and hip hop .
men often tell her to “ have something sweeter ” .
thousands of homeless greeks , who live on the streets because of poverty and a loss of hope , are taking shisha .
“ we are training ourselves to ignore the information that comes into our ears. ” “ this gift that we are born with – the ability to hear things hundreds of metres away , all these incredible sounds – might be lost , ” he said .
the researchers also found much higher levels of cadmium , a toxic metal , in regular crops .
mars one says that the basic things people need to live are already present on the planet .
big road projects began after poland joined the european union in 2004 and they now have to consider wild animals .
but they can not kill strong bacteria that have begun to learn how to survive antibiotic drugs .
for the study , 823 people agreed for researchers to collect metadata from their phones using an app .
bee larvae make a sweet mayonnaise used instead of eggs and scientists find new ways to use insects all the time .
the power of the voice of women frightens them. ” she talked about the attack in june on a hospital in quetta , capital of baluchistan , and killings of female teachers in khyber pakhtunkhwa .
jurisdiction relies on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best serve the needs of its society .
they hope it will be the biggest yoga session ever .
the stadiums were delivered late and – in some cases – not fully finished , but there have been no structural problems or difficulties entering the grounds .
barack obama flew back to washington and his desk in the oval office on wednesday , hours after he gave an election victory speech in chicago .
“ i live nearby but luckily i wasn ’ t there , ” says munir , a university lecturer .
specific reliability issues may include : the system can not safely be shut down for repair , or it is too difficult to repair .
the saugor and nerbudda territories were attached to the north-western provinces , which included the british dominions in the southern part of present-day uttar pradesh state .
the following year at the draft then champion triple h was drafted back to raw thus making the title a raw only title once again .
“ if they force people outside the bar to smoke , it is going to increase the tension that ’ s already there. ” many of new orleans ’ s best bars are in quiet neighbourhoods .
the goal was , giving an international communication language , that is , as a universal -lrb- world -rrb- second language , not to replace national languages .
the results of the research are based on an analysis of 343 studies from around the world – more than ever before – which examine differences between organic and regular fruit , vegetables and cereals .
however , twofish is not widely used like the blowfish , which has been available for a longer period of time .
seaworld ’ s profits fell by 84 % and customers are staying away from the water theme park company because a film claimed that it mistreated orca whales .
“ we cause the problem of climate change because we produce and use too much – we are not in balance with what the earth can provide , ” says van otterdijk .
that was a natural thing for her .
many of us know we don ’ t get enough sleep but imagine if there was a simple solution : getting up later .
he left 11,000 troops to keep watch over the newly conquered region .
we believe it was luther george simjian .
no single brain region contains one word or idea .
when they asked me to be involved , i told them : ‘ you have to put a zero after everything ’ . ” roche also said that there were not 200,000 people who applied to be astronauts , as mars one said ; there were only 2,761 .
they all cost a lot of money .
he won the presidential election held on march 2 , 2008 with about 70 % of the vote .
it is clear that countries all over the world should do more to help their ageing populations .
the term gribble was originally used for the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
several versions of the protocol exist ; versions 1 3 used only internally at mit .
a european service .
slave labour is a spray-painted artwork that shows a child making flags .
cuba has some of the lowest internet-use rates in the world – dial-up accounts are restricted and at-home broadband is extremely rare .
you can often hear these sounds even in cities , said kurt fristrup , a senior scientist at the us national park service .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy put out the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
fildes has big ambitions .
“ over the last years we have seen more and more of this .
i think what most english people want is a fair settlement , ” he said .
cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to make both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
his determination to succeed and his hard work for the club have been remarkable .
the real downton abbey is highclere castle – a stately home owned by george herbert , 8th earl of carnarvon .
there are also differences between men and women in ageing populations – women generally live longer than men .
“ of course , there were a few players who had heat-related illness or discomfort , but none needed much help from doctors after their match , ” tim wood , the tournament ’ s chief medical of ﬁ cer , said .
“ there are a lot of unhealthy and abandoned dogs now. ” conron invented the labradoodle when he was working for the royal guide dog association of australia .
“ children that get a high-quality first experience will have greater agility , balance and coordination , and are more likely to develop an enjoyment of physical activity and be good at sport as they grow up ” , he said .
the house of representatives agreed the deal at the last minute .
he also says the dutch mars one team are naive because they believe they can succeed alone in the $ 6 billion mission .
it was only released on the nintendo 64 in japan in 2001 .
and climate change is already having a serious effect on pacific islanders .
many people still listen for free , but many others are willing to pay money to get a better choice of music .
the eu will ban menthol and other flavours from 2022 .
many people thought him to be a saint .
what is it like to look at the last of something ?
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering works better for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same reason that the sky is blue and sunsets are red -rrb- .
this would reduce the number of deaths and injuries .
“ and i still don ’ t know about the maintenance costs , ” he says .
qualifications : a private-helicopter-pilot licence , a commercial pilot ’ s licence and around 2,000 hours of experience flying at low levels .
one luxury hotel group admitted that it lied about ingredients on its menus .
west berlin had its own post office , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
all this will cost money and the report says higher taxes will be necessary .
they are welcoming and friendly .
at the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that these connections are very important when it comes to the perception of pain in the fetus .
he was looking for love and wanted to start a family .
on average , people in the uk , for example , spent just £39.52 on music in 2014 .
he survived 28 days at sea , but his friends both died of thirst .
al-tahaddy benghazi is a football club which plays in libya .
it found that in total the 3,000 winners have bought 7,958 houses or flats in the uk , or 2.7 each , spending £3.3 billion .
the panel found that the south yorkshire police , led by the chief constable , peter wright , told their story that drunken fans or those without tickets caused the disaster .
“ the modern prison service in sweden is very different from when i joined as a young prison officer in 1978 , ” says kenneth gustafsson , governor of kumla prison , sweden ’ s most secure jail .
there are only two other northern white rhinos in the world , both in zoos , both female .
he hates “ the jungle ” because he says it sounds like the residents aren ’ t people .
“ the bar was one reason i bought the house so i won ’ t ever complain about the noise , ” says wood .
the number of vertebrates has declined by 52 % over the last forty years .
brazil and peru have made objections to a bid made by the us online shop for the domain name , “ .amazon ” .
explorer francisco hernández wrote that chocolate drinks helped fever and diseases of the liver .
protesters plan to target pizzaexpress restaurants , to try to get the restaurant chain to stop taking a percentage of tips for staff that have been paid on credit and debit cards .
a choral scholar is a student at a university who gets money to help with the fees of his or her studies -lrb- a “ scholarship ” -rrb- in exchange for singing in the university ’ s choir .
french says that it will be a long time before we understand how our brains make these memories .
because the us is using less coal , coal prices across the world have reduced .
some of the songs from his operettas have become very well-known , especially " vilja " from the merry widow and " you are my heart 's delight " -lrb- " dein ist mein ganzes herz " -rrb- from the land of smiles .
sometimes other dances were included as well , e.g. a minuet , gavotte , passepied or bourree .
us shutdown : christine lagarde calls for stability after debt crisis is averted james meikle , paul lewis and dan roberts 17 october , 2013 the international monetary fund ( imf ) has asked the usa to manage its money better .
but has vaping started to become less popular ?
it is used as a decoration during halloween , and was named after the phenomenon of strange light flickering over peat bogs , called ignis fatuus or jack-o ' -lantern .
they made sure that people had many children and that the land produced plenty of crops .
he had been a surgeon on the ships taking convicts to new south wales and van diemen 's land -lrb- now known as tasmania -rrb- .
then its plutonium power source will run out and it will drift outwards towards the edge of the solar system and deep space beyond . ”
pompeii was changed into a much more public and open place .
his birth name was robert zimmerman , but he legally changed his last name to dylan .
but people no longer trust the privacy of bbm .
scientists in developing countries are happy with the report .
a truck with about 440 pounds -lrb- 200kg -rrb- of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the central bank , a seaside building which managed most of the financial business of the country .
blade of fire is the second book in stuart hill 's fantasy series , the icemark chronicles .
london has about 22,000 black taxis and conyon thinks that the total number of people who drive taxis in the uk is about 100,000 .
at present , the course content and assessment standards of moocs have no quality assurance , so employers will not be impressed by them .
there must be something wrong with this country , ” said nadia al husin .
during the first experiments , students were taken into a room and told to think .
the results show the extraordinary power of telephone metadata .
people quickly become used to changes in their environments , including more noise .
often , polls this far away from election day can be incorrect because most people have not made up their minds .
“ our customers are still very happy with the product and technology is improving their experience and helping them to switch from traditional cigarettes. ” “ e-cigarettes are like a sort of nicotine patch , ” west agreed .
they were bored with waiting and nervous about starting a new life in france totally unable to communicate .
it has an area of 3,125 km ² which is divided into eight administrative districts -lrb- arrondissementen -rrb- containing 64 municipalities .
and when the bacteria return , they produce an odour – yes , showering too often may make you smell more .
so , why do people across the world know so little about these things ?
bagnotar is a union council of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
i am delighted to become both director and ambassador for the club .
almost half the new multimillionaires live in small cities and many of them give a lot of money to charity .
we hope our future experiments will show legal experts how unreliable memory can be. ” chris french , of the university of london , is a researcher in false memories in people .
tourism is mainly in the mountains , usually around the towns of davos / arosa , laax and st. moritz / pontresina .
later that day , he climbed to the summit of everest , and reached the top in complete darkness early on sunday .
howard was born in stockport , england and is left-handed .
jordan axani , a 28-year-old from toronto who started a charity , arrived back in canada with elizabeth quinn gallagher and said the pair were like brother and sister .
“ if i knew , when i started planning , how complicated and expensive it would be , i wouldn ’ t have come .
apple hopes to reach 100 million subscribers .
sullivan works too much , he says .
so that it still can survive , encyclopædia britannica , inc. has kept on telling people that the britannica is good and accurate , made the encyclopedia cheaper , and made electronic versions on cd-rom , dvd and the world wide web .
that ’ s what it ’ s like. ” victoria azarenka said , “ it felt pretty hot , like you ’ re dancing in a frying pan or something like that. ” organizers said the highest temperature was 42.2c in the early evening on tuesday but it was never hot enough to stop the matches .
japanese employees are allowed an average of 18.5 days ’ paid holiday a year .
“ ice cream is important , ” she says between mouthfuls of honey-flavoured ice cream .
joel glazer , one of the owners of manchester united , said : “ alex has shown us so often what a fantastic manager he is , but he ’ s also a wonderful person .
the world is trying to slow down climate change and countries and cities are trying to reduce emissions .
in nepal , kings used to stand on tiger skins for special occasions .
thavis agreed : “ what i find particularly courageous is that he is going now , when he is not sick ; and that he ’ s leaving because he ’ s tired and not because he ’ s ill. ” but is that the whole story ?
we hope his influence and the prime minister ’ s support for copyright will change how we see illegal downloading in the uk . ”
“ they were very clever when they made skyfall , ” he says .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo -lrb- a small drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more elaborate choreography .
in elmas , the scheme has got mixed reactions .
in iqaluit that was not possible , so google ’ s map makers walked the town ’ s snowy roads and trails .
the researchers did the study again with more than 100 people , aged 18 to 77 , from a church and a farmers ’ market .
the three-day wedding of the niece of lakshmi mittal , the steel tycoon who lives in the uk and has $ 16 billion , cost $ 80 million .
she now lives with her family in birmingham , england , and does what the taliban tried to stop her doing : she goes to school every day .
its speckled color patterns have given it the common name of magpie moth .
many of the south indians are dravidians and they speak one of four dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil or telugu .
unlike henry iii , agnes could not influence the election of the new popes , stephen ix and nicholas ii .
the sermon on the mount is a biblical speech by jesus of nazareth to his followers and a large group of people around ad 30 .
“ i ’ m not looking for anything .
half of all soft drinks british people drink are now low-calorie soft drinks .
when they marked these on a map , they showed groups of local businesses , which the scientists guessed were near the person ’ s home address .
it ’ s a minivan alternative . ”
when the full complex is complete , it will be the largest concentrated solar power plant in the world .
in may , chun declared martial law and removed all trappings of civilian government , becoming the de facto ruler of the country .
the montreal canadiens are an ice hockey team in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
there are many other apps people can use , but lots of people want to use the bbm app – more than 20 million people downloaded it .
without the suit , a man ’ s blood would boil and his lungs would explode .
for example , they can take water from ice in the soil and mars has sources of nitrogen , the primary element in the air we breathe .
eureka is a small city of illinois in the united states .
we are losing too many species .
he said the mountains are around 3,000 metres high and several hundred miles across .
the group chief executive , howard schultz , said : “ starbucks has always paid taxes in the uk .
people get bored , he says , and they “ like to try something new ” .
the ascent , during which the skies slowly turned black , took two and a half hours .
the republicans want to keep military spending the same , but the democrats want to reduce military spending .
serbian ruler stefan nemanja begins to rule alone .
nelson mandela , the most important person in africa ’ s fight for freedom and a hero to millions of people around the world , has died at the age of 95 .
abhay gupta , who works for the company luxury connect , said that more and more people will want to buy luxury things and experiences .
it gives the government money until 15 january and allows the government to borrow more money if they want to until 7 february .
the most important language spoken in tuvalu is tuvaluan although nuian is spoken on the island of nui .
the first application of this idea in the us was pioneered by dr. william mosenthal , a surgeon at the dartmouth-hitchcock medical center .
west suggested that politicians should see e-cigarettes as something that helps people stop smoking .
6 turbulence terror even someone who flies all the time can feel sick because of turbulence .
they want to improve their life and make it better , and learning is part of that , ” flahaut said as she prepared for an afternoon lesson .
he has promised to settle down with his girlfriend , and fly helicopters on rescue missions in the us and austria .
the ascent , during which the skies slowly turned black , took two and a half hours .
the leaves give energy and have medicinal qualities .
at the end of his speech , the pope blessed the cardinals and left .
i understand how the patients feel because i have been a patient myself .
they do , but they take a very long time .
the sexual imbalance -lrb- more men than women -rrb- and the slavery of the tahitian men by the mutineers led to fighting and the deaths of most of the men .
there have also been other objections over new top-level domains that use geographical or cultural names .
chipotle uses antibiotic-free meat and “ locally sourced , seasonal ” ingredients .
in 1862 pottinger was made an inspector of police for the western district of new south wales .
for a person to be added to the hockey hall of fame as a player , they must have been retired for a minimum of three years and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee .
if they lived in the central african republic , they would die in middle age ( 49 and 44 ) .
the owner of one dhaka factory , softex cotton , said he will take legal action against the accord because his factory was closed down as a result of structural problems .
not daan roosegaarde .
libra is a novel -lrb- book -rrb- by don delillo .
it ’ s going to do quite the reverse , i think .
they are popular in many parts of europe , too .
virtopsies can find injuries that are not seen during a traditional autopsy , as well as air pockets , heart attacks and even cancer .
the maple leaf club became smoke-free in 2014 .
diplomatic and trade relations between the us and cuba are improving and american tech giants such as google and apple may soon enter the cuban market .
in his speech , cameron said that there would be constitutional reforms , including in scotland , but not until after the general election .
the stars of the movie are al pacino , john cazale , chris sarandon , and charles durning .
al-nasr benghazi is a football club which plays in libya .
“ i thought , why don ’ t we simply look at the clothes someone ’ s wearing ?
“ the eye has cells that report to a part of the brain that controls our sleep rhythms over a 24-hour cycle .
the bill passed easily , with support from all parties in the senate , where democratic and republican leaders wrote the agreement .
on a larger scale , cell division can create offspring from multicellular organisms , such as plants that grow from cuttings .
so many people come here to swim with her and they don ’ t understand how dangerous it can be .
but the worst crisis is in the us , where mcdonald ’ s has around 40 % of its restaurants .
“ if a restaurant thinks somebody just doesn ’ t want to eat a food because it makes them feel uncomfortable , the restaurant may be less careful .
it is on the north pole , touching north america in the western hemisphere and scandinavia and asia in the eastern hemisphere .
on saturday the irish daily star also published the photos .
this flag was the same , but the golden stripe had a human " stick figure " , called a kanaga , in black , with its arms pointing to the sky .
“ race engineers work 24/7 , ” says chris aylett , ceo of the motorsport industry association .
it is somewhere between snorkelling , which is very limited , and scuba diving , which gives people the freedom to breathe underwater but needs heavy and expensive gear .
stallone starred in the thriller get carter — a remake of the 1971 british michael caine film of the same name — but the film was not very well received by both critics and audiences .
they trained the rats to press a lever when they saw a light above it .
in that way , yes , i ’ m happy to be compared with him . ”
the full senate will now vote on the bill .
as of 2007 , a maximum of two builders can be added in one year .
he was also asked by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks that law , and starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his group 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
tiger skins are popular in tibet , where rich people use them as festival costumes .
is football just english ?
around 13 billion plastic water bottles are sold in the uk every year , but only one in five is recycled .
to be sure of hitting the enemy at long range , players must aim using the iron sights on their guns .
stephanie marie mcmahon-levesque -lrb- born september 24 , 1976 -rrb- , better known as stephanie mcmahon , is the " executive vice president of talent and creative writing " for world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
the questionnaires included questions about each ape ’ s mood , the enjoyment they got from being with other apes and people , and their success in doing things .
“ but , if it continues like this , maybe , after ten years , the situation around the world will be better . ”
“ but we don ’ t make them say how many children they would like .
people could see the vapour trail for hundreds of miles , even from neighbouring kazakhstan .
it is also important to artists who will have to draw mesolithic people in a new way .
the cipd found that 38 % of zero-hours contract workers describe themselves as employed full-time .
to succeed as a butler , you need … to enjoy looking after other people .
the people who are waiting outside are lucky .
programs are being tried by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .
on june 16 , 2009 , the band 's website said that the album would be released on september 14 , 2009 .
it has to move or the earth will swallow it up .
it was a small step away from the capsule , but a 24-mile drop back down to earth .
he influenced thousands of musicians and millions of music fans in a career that lasted 65 years .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , the holiest city of islam , where able-bodied muslims must go to at least once in a lifetime .
indonesia may receive less rainfall between july and october , but the coastal regions around the south china sea and gulf of thailand can expect more rainfall when cyclones hit the land .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
he was wearing a special suit to protect him against the very big pressure changes during the jump .
they found that it was not his baby and not her baby .
other social networks are also very popular with younger people .
the park ( ing ) project started as an arts experiment in san francisco .
story the plot of the game is that a team of four , an alien , a human , an android -lrb- a robot -rrb- , and a psionic creature , have left earth in a spacecraft , because earth was going to be destroyed .
the sat reasoning test -lrb- used to be called scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test -rrb- is a test for college admissions in the united states .
the website atminventor.com says : “ who invented the idea of an atm ?
he said that it was too early to use oxytocin as a treatment for the social difficulties caused by autism and said people should not buy oxytocin online .
they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to show the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .
at first , they said there would be regional interviews ; we would travel there , and they would interview and test us over several days .
names are important in iceland , a country of only 320,000 people .
and , really , you just have to look at the people ’ s faces. ” in his office with a view of the square , rjukan ’ s young mayor , steinar bergsland , is less interested in the cost and more interested in the benefits the mirrors might bring to the town .
because of the lack of physical characteristics that supportthis group , it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized could grow bigger .
there are many different types of aprons depending on what the apron is used for .
bagnotar is next to the following union councils , to the north by sarbhana , to the east and to the south by namli maira , and to the west by bagh .
it is made up of stuff similar to 1 ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered and made up of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .
when he left the spacecraft , he said , he began to understand the importance of the mission : 340 days on a 15-year-old space station which is “ a million pounds , the size of a football field , with the space , some say , of a six-bedroom house ” .
however , in japan , the edo period from 1590 to 1868 is also sometimes referred to as the early modern period .
stores need to find a way of getting information without seeming intrusive .
bits of bone and hair stick out from the droppings .
in addition to sale of conventional merchandise , jcpenney stores are often home to several leased departments such as optical , portrait studios , jewelry & watch repair , etc .
new research from the international energy agency ( iea ) shows that all over the world people are using more coal , except in the us , where shale gas is now more popular than coal .
bacteria that cause diarrhoea and nausea , as well as e.coli , and the bacteria that can cause skin infections and urinary-tract infections were common all over the city .
senator patrick leahy introduced another bill ( the usa freedom act ) .
he said that between 23 % and 36 % of all birds , mammals and amphibians that we use for food or medicine might become extinct .
but most people worry about where they will live and how they will get a house or flat .
“ i have a dream that people will understand other people .
so it ’ s clear that we could lose a lot of our history , ” he said .
it may also help planning decisions in iqaluit happen more quickly .
it is very easy to criticize a decision but we do everything to try to get these decisions right .
is this the moment when streaming goes mainstream ?
the national food survey can tell us a lot and help us to predict new food trends .
in 1855 parts of nash county , edgecombe county , johnston county , and wayne county were combined to make wilson county .
he is said to have been the first to use skenographia , or scene-decorationaccording to vitruvius .
today there are different sections in the garden containing the botanical school , gardens , ponds , greenhouses , and various buildings .
marcel junod -lrb- 1904-1961 -rrb- , a doctor from geneva , was another famous delegate during the second world war .
the scientist who led the research said that , if emissions of greenhouse gases are not reduced , the planet will be at least 4c warmer by 2100 .
the poachers kill rhinos and cut off their horns to sell them for medicine .
the invention of farming brought humans and animals much closer and humans probably developed stronger immune systems to ﬁght infections from the animals .
the brown beer bottle was in the water for 101 years .
swiss police recently entered the baur au lac hotel in zurich at dawn and arrested 16 football officials , including five current or former fifa executives .
it was a long time before he became known to a rock audience but musicians who admired him brought him to the attention of rock fans .
the terms risc and cisc have become less meaningful with the continued improvements of both cisc and risc designs and implementations .
then , they matched the transcripts of the stories with the brain activity data to show how groups of related words produced 50,000 to 80,000 responses all over the brain .
“ it started as the best season in 30 years and , in one week , it became the worst , ” said atzamis konstantinos , a travel agent in lemnos .
he was entered into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1996 .
the movie premiered in mexico city on december 21 , 1944 .
the baby of the group is 60-year-old jean cunion , who is a bit embarrassed to say that she is perhaps the least fit of the group .
pgmol ’ s chief , mike riley , was there , and also his colleague steve dunn , watching every move the officials made .
the ordination of a new bishop is also called a consecration .
but the mine that made it rich is now going to destroy it .
the most valuable british brands are hsbc ( 33rd ) , shell ( 65th ) and burberry ( 73rd ) .
“ we pay for research to find the causes of the disease , and a treatment or cure .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was on september 4 , 1921 at brescia .
dar es salaam was still the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .
romeva believes the project is wrong because the site has too little water .
the jungle camp offers a free meal a day and a plastic roof over their heads .
the festival organizers hope to make glastonbury the world ’ s greenest music festival .
there are 12,000 wolves and 9,000 eurasian lynx .
calvin baker is an american writer .
whales may have to stay closer together to hear each other .
the software can use most instant messaging protocols , which will let the user log into different instant messaging services from one program .
but they say nepal must do more to protect the habitat and animals that tigers eat so the big cats have enough space to move around and food to eat .
their name comes from the name of the mountainous region in the north of algeria where they live traditionally .
topics such as sanctity of marriage , adultery , alcoholism , prostitution , and religion are seen throughout the album .
he was a very active critic during the years of crisis in italy after the first world war and during the early years of fascist rule .
the subunguis is the soft , flaky layer , and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth .
people say the service is very slow , especially when the centre gets crowded .
reduced fertility and longer life have led to an increase in the average age of the world ’ s population in ten years from 26 years old to almost 30 .
the vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during birth .
“ our clients want to know how well their stores are delivering on that experience. ” “ we assign different store locations to each shopper and rotate them so that they never go back to the same shop within three months , ” says jill spencer of mystery shopping company aba .
“ the woman said : 'i ’ m 80 and i ’ m the oldest fitness instructor in the country ! '
primeval redwood forests , coastal mangrove stands , sphagnum bogs , desert soil crusts , roadside weed patches , wheat fields , cultivated gardens and lawns ; all are meant by the term vegetation .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .
he also tells them to use two things that wolves find scary : strings of small red flags ( to keep wolves away from sheep ) and the tatra mountain sheepdog .
apple already has the music of ac/dc and the beatles for download on itunes but it is uncertain if these two will want to move to streaming .
but car makers do not agree – they say that they need five years to introduce the changes for technical and economic reasons .
all the wolves in the pack look after the young. ” mysłajek , the son of a shepherd , doesn ’ t understand wolves ’ bad reputation .
sweden ’ s top ranking – followed by norway , germany , the netherlands and canada – is not a surprise , but the global agewatch study gives some surprising results .
he also stood in the saarbrücken constituency , but lost .
“ and we change a lot of those drafts before we do anything .
the russian government says that the exemption will lead to more illegal cocaine and warns that “ it also sets a dangerous example that could be used by other states in creating a more liberal drug-control regime ” .
he now goes to one of the centres .
this period is known as the edo period and gets its name from the capital city of edo , now tokyo .
goldsmith , 69 , said that he is working with robin de levita , the dutch producer of the who ’ s 1970s rock musical tommy .
“ but we can , and should , do more to increase transparency and build public support for privacy protections. ” feinstein said the bill would also make a number of improvements to transparency and checks on the nsa – for example , if the foreign intelligence surveillance act ( fisa ) gets some data and then somebody looks at that data without permission , they could spend up to ten years in prison .
the police said this was done only to remove “ opinion ” from the statements , but the panel said they did more than that .
trump tells his supporters that the three things that he is most against – immigration reform , freetrade deals and barack obama ’ s national security policy – have become the most important issues of the election .
the man who sold the world was released in the us in late 1970 and in the uk the following year .
elaine wyllie , headteacher of st ninian ’ s , said : “ i get at least two emails a day from other schools and local authorities asking how we do it .
the prime minister , david cameron , said : “ i ’ m not happy with the current situation .
data from 81 countries shows that , even in rich countries , 23.2 % of women will experience physical and/or sexual violence from a partner in their lives .
the prototype of his invention looks like a combination of a scuba mouthpiece and a water bottle .
kelly and his twin brother , mark , a retired astronaut , have spent the last year taking physical and mental tests .
some ships are quieter than others but the average noise next to all the ships was 173 underwater decibels , the same as 111 decibels through the air – about the sound of a loud rock concert .
archbishop desmond tutu , said : “ he made people believe in africa and africans again. ” mandela ’ s 91st birthday was celebrated by the first annual “ mandela day ” in his honour .
“ but you never know exactly what they are hitting. ” that usually becomes clear later from videos that the opposition puts on youtube .
some roads are made of ice and disappear in the short summer months .
the extraordinary images of the former ninth planet and its large moon , charon , were sent four billion miles back to earth from the new horizons spacecraft .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the head of sweden ’ s prison and probation service , nils oberg , said in november 2013 that four swedish prisons will close because of an “ out of the ordinary ” drop in the number of prisoner .
he says they should now accept it will probably not happen .
we are , and forever will be , the united states of america . ”
but he said he didn ’ t know about it – instead , he watched the news and especially the 2016 us presidential campaign .
but there should be a lot more ‘ no-take ’ areas because the last world parks congress in 2003 set a target of 20-30 % .
mel mehmet , 23 , went to black friday sales in 2013 so she knew there would be queues .
after disney paid $ 4 billion for lucasfilm , it announced that there would be three more star wars films – vii , viii and ix – plus plans for spin-off movies .
the opposite happens and doesn ’ t cause any problems .
he ’ s saying what no politician would say and that ’ s another reason they like him. ” that is certainly the feeling among ordinary supporters who go to his very crowded campaign events .
in the experiment , tonagawa ’ s team put the mice in a box and allowed them to explore it .
winners spent £463 million on 17,190 cars .
unemployment in some parts of andalucía is now more than 30 % .
“ these experiments showed that we have created a direct communication connection between brains , ” nicolelis said .
after she has finished her wrestling career , james plans to own a farm and train horses .
some people already believe that apple music will destroy competitors like spotify .
in 1515 , the ruler of gujarat in india sent a live indian rhinoceros to the king of portugal .
when you hold your breath , you keep your diaphragm like that .
the books have celebrity fans like zooey deschanel , who shared a link about the book with her facebook followers , and the south korean pop star kim ki-bum , who posted an image on instagram for his 1.6 million followers .
when you see the word amazon , what ’ s the first thing you think of – the world ’ s biggest forest , the longest river or the largest internet shop – and which do you think is most important ?
until 1943 , von dem bach-zalewski was the hsspf in command of " anti-partisan " units on the central front , a special command created by adolf hitler .
many young people pay their parents some money to live at home but 20 % pay nothing at all .
imagine that you read a headline 'fit in four minutes ' in a health magazine .
the loss of the rarer creatures will not affect us much because we ’ re not reliant on them in such an obvious way , ” said dr nick isaac , who studies the environment .
the british rail class 91 is a class of 140 mph , 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered specifically for the east coast main line modernisation and electrification programme of the late 1980s .
so , it ’ s your diaphragm , the main muscle of breathing , that is in charge when you are holding your breath .
not just physically , but mentally .
3 around the rainbow the best place to see a rainbow is from a plane .
the difference has started a discussion about whether you need to have light skin to be a success in brazil .
a group of experts say that thousands of people are taking unnecessary medicines and have bad diets because of bogus allergy tests .
rc4 was first created as a trade secret , but in september 1994 a description of it was posted to the cypherpunks mailing list .
there are many jet streams in the air around the earth , especially on the journey from the us to europe .
“ this year , we have recorded five cubs , two young wolves and two adults .
but some of the 1960s bond films were almost as successful .
the hamptons are historic , oceanfront towns and villages 100 miles from manhattan , new york .
i felt that people were looking at me in the wrong way , i began to have problems with loud noises and i suffered from memory loss .
a spokesperson for pizzaexpress said that the money they take from tips pays for a system that they use to share the tips among staff .
they found that the ancient dna was most closely related to the dna of people living in northern europe , in particular sweden and finland .
she escapes with alwa just before the police arrive to catch her .
noma has been named the best restaurant in the world by restaurant magazine for three years .
one of the deaths caused by satnavs ( satellite navigation ) was of a driver who , in 2010 , drove into a lake in spain .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
paul gray -lrb- # 2 -rrb- active : 1995 – present plays : bass , backing vocals performed in : all slipknot albums paul gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995 .
economy and infrastructure in elz thaere are more than 600 businesses with much more than 2,000 jobs .
off the north coast of the province are a string of cayos -lrb- cays -rrb- - these islands are being developed as tourist resorts , principally cayo coco and cayo guillermo .
with the new title , ” he adds , “ it is certain to be a success. ” eon productions is the company , started in 1961 , that made dr no and all the “ official ” bond films .
more than 100,000 people went onto the streets in brazil to show their anger at violent police , poor public services and high costs for the world cup .
her death from cancer in 1998 was a shock to the nation and her family .
the organ may sense touch , air motion , heat , vibration -lrb- sound -rrb- , and especially olfaction -lrb- smell -rrb- or gustation -lrb- taste -rrb- .
its inventor says that the system could mean that now there will be no such thing as a 'perfect murder ' .
china ’ s peng shuai also said the heat had made her cramp up and vomit , and someone had to help her leave the court after her 7 –5 , 4 –6 , 6 –3 defeat to japan ’ s kurumi nara .
now , 35 years later , as she performs again , singer kate bush sees a very different world .
based on their strengths in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sps -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .
the same streets are now full of tourists .
in modern days , the burning of joss sticks can be used for any type reason , like making the smell of a room better or lighting fireworks up .
part of the area is in the czech republic .
there are more than three hundred linux distributions .
he also has the support of a sports psychologist and an exercise regime to help him run 11km during a game .
“ changes in the workplace are happening and it ’ s good that the pay gap is closing – but there is still more to do before we see full equality in the workplace .
researchers from stirling university have begun a study to look for evidence of the physical , cognitive and emotional benefits of the daily mile .
the name " hornet " is used for this and related species mainly because of their habit to make aerial nests -lrb- similar to the true hornets ' -rrb- rather than the nests underground the wasps use .
she wants the baby back , but it ’ s four years later : you can understand that the other mother doesn ’ t want to give up her baby , ” strydom said .
barr is known as one of the leaders of the impeachment of president bill clinton .
bone marrow is a type of tissue that can be found in hollow bones .
people care more about where their food comes from than before , we can order quality food on the internet , fashionable restaurants give us the latest trends and exciting global cuisines are now as common as fish and chips. ” she added that this data can show us more than what , where or how older generations ate .
then , the iphone was still just an idea and blackberry ’ s innovations made its smartphone one of canada ’ s biggest exports .
cash is another thing that may be added with contracts and / or draft picks to make a trade .
a new government report asked workers , employers and customers what they thought about tipping .
this scared the mice .
his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith , but he was so good at drawing that he started as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486 .
in britain , the number of people downloading music stayed the same at exactly one third , but subscribers grew from 19 % to 22 % .
and we have to give companies good reasons why they should make new antibiotics , which will not make them lots of money .
he has composed the scores for more than 500 movies and television programs .
once , when i wanted to phone the police , i got a mexican grandmother out of bed at 2am because i had misunderstood a phone number .
about 5,000 children are born in iceland each year and the committee receives about 100 applications .
inzozi nziza has become a meeting place for students who want to treat themselves to something cool and different .
in the lemmon film , jack lemmon chases , tackles and mugs stallone , thinking that stallone 's character is a thief .
for an astrophysicist , that is not a difficult decision to make. ” but he does not think there will be a one-way mission in his lifetime .
police were called to several other stores just before the doors opened at midnight .
it has been said that vättern is the largest body of potable water in the world .
“ he was very friendly and a popular attraction here .
the same tram had already derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop in trials then .
many more people apply for a night of stargazing at the observatory but not everyone can come because numbers are strictly limited .
urmson said : “ the vehicles will be very basic .
the top 1 % in russia own 70 % of the nation ’ s wealth , while the top 1 % in new zealand only own 18 % .
in this way , the employers can avoid their responsibilities to employees and reduce staff benefits .
water should be just under 100°c when you pour it on to tea leaves – but that isn ’ t possible on a plane .
“ the development of a new , real-world driving emission test is an important step towards reducing air pollution in cities .
climate tibooburra has a dry , hot , desert climate with temperatures above 40 ° celsius -lrb- 104 ° f -rrb- in summer , often reaching as high as 47 ° c -lrb- 117 ° f -rrb- .
pasargade remained the persian capital unti darius i built the persepolis .
these plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .
more than 50 % of people with the disease die within two years. ” but , for many people with a connection to the disease , the awareness that the challenge has created is as important as the money .
google ’ s brand value rose by 15 % to $ 107 billion to take second place .
in brazilian cities , white workers earn twice as much as workers of african descent .
it seems that british people are now more careful about what they eat – the amount of fruit has increased by 50 % since 1974 .
after 18 months , they gave their shares to the women employees , who by then could control the business by themselves .
obama had dinner with cameron and the us ambassador , matthew barzun , and , then , travelled to germany .
palos verdes estates , rancho palos verdes , rolling hills , and rolling hills estates are the larger cities in the area .
carter is to be starring next to matthew macfadyen and denis lawson .
richard peirce , chairman of the uk-based conservation charity , the shark trust , said that the cull would be ineffective and potentially lure more predators towards the coast .
since the band 's end , weiland moved on to become the frontman of velvet revolver with former members of guns n ' roses .
alex ’ s vision , energy and ability have built teams that are some of the best and most loyal in world sport .
a verb is a kind of word -lrb- see part of speech -rrb- that usually tells about an action or a state and is the main part of a sentence .
the direct evidence suggests there was a migration of h. erectus out of africa , then a further development of h. sapiens from h. erectus in africa .
it ’ s hard to understand .
a new scientiﬁc study says that global warming might make temperatures rise more than people think .
there is a time in some men ’ s lives when the days seem darker , death is more certain , and the only thing they want to do is spend all their money on a sportscar .
i wasn ’ t tired ; i just felt my body temperature was too high. ” a ball boy needed help from doctors when he collapsed during milos raonic ’ s 7 –6 , 6 –1 , 4 –6 , 6 –2 victory over daniel gimeno-traver on exposed court eight .
in my case , my problems with numbers in a foreign language followed me from mexico to other countries and from spanish to german and portuguese .
the rotation period could not be estimated well -lrb- best fit ~ 4 h -rrb- .
he told the pope that the cardinals would be loyal to him and added that he and the others present had listened to the pope ’ s words with a feeling of confusion .
people found guilty of violent harassment will be evicted from their homes and put in temporary homes , including shipping containers in industrial areas of the city .
but , as i go past one minute , my heart is pounding .
the good news for goodfellow is that people are beginning to recognize him for his invention .
ageing is no fun , she says .
the company has got much bigger since 2003 but , now , the numbers of customers are falling .
hurricane dog caused high damage to the leeward islands , and was said to be the strongest hurricane on record in antigua .
“ we call it a living container , ” says boer .
leahy says yes ; feinstein says no. ” democratic committee member ron wyden said that recent worries about nsa spying on foreign leaders took attention away from the more important problem of the nsa checking the data of people in the us .
most of the team are ex-criminals like smart .
the camper vans bring windsurfers and kitesurfers who are attracted by strong winds in the area .
autistic people would be more interested in interacting with other people ; there would be more eye contact and more conversation , ” said kevin pelphrey , of yale university .
there are worse things to do in life than stroll along rio ’ s copacabana beach in the sunshine on the way to watch a world cup match .
cameron bright as jimmy / leech : a mutant boy whose power stops the powers of nearby mutants .
together they formed a group which they called the “ new music manchester ” .
this is to show that the bundestag 's president is not part of the government but still ranks higher in importance than the chancellor .
now henan is the most populous province of china .
according to recent research , loneliness is killing the elderly and , with an ageing population , we should try to reduce our isolation before it is too late .
the positive side is that people ’ s performance , mood and health will improve .
the population goes from 80,000 in august to 10,000 in the winter months .
and from canada , we learned how smartphones can make bike-sharing easier .
a print server , or printer server , is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and to a network , it accepts print jobs from client computers then prints the jobs on the requested printer .
memory locations can also be renamed , although it is not commonly done to the level used in register renaming .
lot-et-garonne is a department located in the southwest of france in the aquitaine region .
aang has been in other media , such as trading cards , video games , t-shirts , and web comics .
some americans keep their wealth secret .
“ when i ’ m drumming , it gives me power because we ’ re still alive and survivors , ” she says .
but they should be sensitive to our cultural identity and dress appropriately .
mark zuckerberg created facebook and is now worth $ 48 billion .
following his success with star trek , he showed a lot of support through the years for his fans by making many public appearances .
the court decided that every time mondadori – the publishing company owned by the ex italian prime minister silvio berlusconi – publishes a photograph in the future in france , they will get €10,000 fine .
population ageing – when older people are a larger and larger percentage of the population – is happening fastest in developing countries .
some people were against the mirrors at first , but now even they agree that it works .
bowie ’ s first album , released in june 1967 , was titled simply david bowie .
in mathematics , a product is a number or a quantity obtained by multiplying two or more numbers together .
weather disasters are also more likely in a warmer world , the report says .
only 10 % of politicians are women in brazil , hungary and japan , when 44 % are in sweden .
our coral reefs , the greatest in the world , and our fishing grounds are disappearing .
with the help of an albatross named orville , the mice fly to the bayou , and meet a dragonfly named evinrude , who takes them in a leaf to the ship where penny is held .
one-third of voluntary sector employers use the contracts and one in four public sector organizations .
part of the reason for this is simply that air travel is dangerous so standards are much higher .
the queen gave him this honour for inventing the automatic cash dispenser .
so we designed a study that tests all of these things. ” they will compare st ninian ’ s pupils with children from another school in stirling where children haven ’ t started running yet .
“ it ’ s hard to see anything in an ape ’ s life that would give a sense of well-being over such a long time. ” alexandra freund , professor of psychology at the university of zurich , was also sceptical .
“ so much of the information about our daily lives is in digital form , like our interactions by email , people ’ s tweets and all of the world wide web .
but he said he was “ speechless ” when he found out johansson was suing him .
sullivan says he ’ s made mistakes .
he talked about the selection process in more detail : “ i have not met anyone from mars one .
in 2015 , they finally had new , efficient ferries and this brought many new visitors to explore these islands .
the victoria hall was used until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb .
perhaps it is too early to say he is “ the last of the bluesmen ” but it is hard to imagine that any future blues artist will have the influence as bb king .
some bones were found at the tower centuries later , but it is not certain they are the princes ’ .
the album debuted at number 64 in the us , and number nine in sweden , higher than any other opeth release .
spain realized that doñana is the nation ’ s most important natural site , so the country decided to spend an extra €360 million on restoring the landscape to its original wetland state .
tv programmes about astronomy have attracted a new generation of stargazers .
my third job is events catering and nobody ever tips .
it opened its first american store in venice beach , california in 2014 and hopes to have 25 us stores in a year .
all you ’ re going to achieve , i think , is to worry people unnecessarily . ”
dusty was still in the water beside me , her tail flapping crazily .
a new computer-assisted autopsy system is becoming more and more popular in european hospitals .
graham hayles , interbrand ’ s chief marketing officer , said , “ apple makes a lot of money because it has a very strong brand .
the researchers interviewed some of the people about a computer game called never end that they played for seven minutes .
the first performance that was part of the whole ring cycle took place on 14 august 1876 .
dr colin moran , who is leading the study , said : “ the children don ’ t seem to have problems with obesity ; they seem happier and teachers say they learn better .
“ if you can find a home to buy anywhere in east hampton for less than $ 500,000 , you ’ re very lucky. ” cantwell says more than half the town ’ s homes are empty for most of the year .
he tried to take out bank loans using his real details .
the hotel okura group – where barack obama has stayed – said they also injected beef with fat to make it juicier and incorrectly described tomatoes as organic .
the administrators of the northern territory and of norfolk island are chosen by the governor-general .
people from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
britpop came out of the british independent music scene of the 1990s and affected , or changed , by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
there is a fight , and when clara helps the nutcracker by throwing her slipper at the mouse king , the nutcracker stabs him .
this is about a fifth of the total wealth in the country .
if they reopen the mine , it would create more than 1,000 jobs .
he said the message “ we need to save the planet ” was slightly wrong : “ the planet will get better ; it ’ s us that won ’ t be here because we ’ ll destroy the environment. ” “ we must take care of the air we breathe and the water we drink .
frances was later destroyed by an extratropical low on november 21 .
“ instagram is facebook without parents , ” he says .
pictures taken after the probe landed show a large flat area covered in pebbles .
concrete barriers – often painted in the syrian flag ’ s black , red and white – now protect official buildings , not just the military or defence installations that are obvious targets .
but nothing can compare with his jump above the town of roswell , a place famous for its ufo sightings .
but the report says that countries need to make changes to achieve zero poverty .
police took away around €12m , the most cash ever found by spanish police .
a national holiday on 15 august celebrated 65 years of indian independence – in the past , this was a dangerous day because many people in the state do not feel part of india .
yuu wakebe , who works at the health ministry , admits that he does 100 hours of overtime a month .
in the kenyan capital nairobi , nyingi and mara heard the news by mobile phone .
he said he had a feeling before that the pope was going to resign .
he was soon elected captain of the donnybrook company , then commandant of the third battalion and adjutant of the dublin brigade .
amazon say that they will be ready as soon as the federal aviation authority ( faa ) introduce rules for using drones .
organizers said most matches were completed without anyone needing help from doctors .
automation will probably happen in stages : first , there might be automated buses with their own lanes , then perhaps lorries in ports or mining towns : vehicles that are connected electronically and travel one behind another .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it includes a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
he is also co-creator of the short lived television series profit .
before the days of recording a concert would have been the only opportunity most people would have of hearing concerts given by groups .
in front of the tower is central park , where cockrell holds his popular walk and talk therapy sessions .
but new technology is less focused on shoplifting and more interested in your age , gender and shopping habits .
the images show dramatic mountains made from solid water ice as big as the alps or the rockies .
history stravinsky first thought of the idea of this ballet in 1913 .
she hoped to buy a bargain flat-screen tv .
people have mined metals here since roman times. ” fernández said that the mine licence would only allow modern mining techniques , which do not create poisonous wet waste .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows how harry is brave , and by finding cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming different countries .
he said he survived by catching turtles and birds .
in june 2001 , the storyline got more intense as more wwf storylines ended to make room for the central invasion storyline .
only ice or very heavy rain stop them .
and , there have been lots of goals : 28 in the first eight games – almost three times as many as at the same stage in south africa in 2010 .
the european commission has approved the tests .
rebecka singerer is often told that the beer she wants is too dark and too strong for her .
the project will cost around $ 6 billion .
he also says : “ there are some terrible pet foods .
but there are two serious problems .
on average in europe , wolves live on land where there are 37 people per square kilometre , lynx in areas where there are 21 people per square kilometre and bears where there are 19 people per square kilometre .
to provide water for the steam trains , they decided to use the dam and pump water from it to a tank , known as young tank , at the 246 mile post .
some of the characters are fully fictional , but they may have been based on actual persons .
we got the worst ecological disaster in the history of spain. ” almost every visitor at a local restaurant had a camera and telescopic lens or a pair of binoculars .
each entry holds a datum -lrb- a bit of data -rrb- which is a copy of a datum in another place .
it earned much more than the rocker , opening at # 2 .
alex weiss , a psychologist at edinburgh university , told the guardian that most people agree that our level of well-being reduces in middle age .
brazil has the largest population of african descent outside africa , but race and where your family come from are less important there than colour .
a gas station , also known as a filling station , fueling station , service station or petrol station is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles .
punt road is under the station with a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue .
bagnotar union council is made up of three areas : bandi maira bagnotar chahan schools public school - government funded government primary , middle and high school for girls government primary , middle , high and higher secondary schools for boys .
it implies ownership , as in domination and humiliation of a rival .
in urban areas , people eat up to 61kg of teff a year .
and , they have been surprised that many bars do not have big screens for the games .
turner , who is famous for his paintings of the sea , won the vote .
police inspector sir frederick pottinger , who was also at the races , told the police to arrest ben for using guns in a robbery with gardiner .
then , the scientists used a simple computer program to analyse people ’ s calls and this helped them to see who was in a relationship .
he was put into the blues hall of fame later the same year .
“ it was done to remove criticism of the police , ” the report said .
sthenurine front legs were long , with two long fingers and claws , compared with the small , stiff arms of modern kangaroos .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book , written by brian jacques in 1991 .
i can ask someone to clean the streets .
the secretary of state for culture , media and sport is a uk cabinet position with responsibility for the department for culture , media and sport .
the eared seals or otariids are marine mammals of the family otariidae , one of the three pinniped families .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .
paul bremer said that saddam would have a trial , but that he did n't know yet what kind of trial .
they also talked about britain ’ s membership of the eu .
across the street stands another empty mansion worth £18m .
“ the decision to retire is one that i have thought a lot about , ” ferguson said .
the armenian revolutionary groups started around the end of the russo-turkish war of 1878 and grew with the first introduction of article 166 of the ottoman penal code 166 , and the raid of erzerum cathedral .
this has increased the price of teff , so it is now too expensive for the poorest people .
helmut heinrich waldemar schmidt -lrb- december 23 , 1918 in hamburg -rrb- is a german politician and was chancellor of the federal republic of germany from 1974 to 1982 .
some say that thousands of people were impaled at a single time .
anitta , a music star from brazil , has millions of fans , but she is at the centre of a debate about skin colour .
thus , the first such storage facility in the us was set up at zoar field , about forty miles south of buffalo .
so that ’ s a lot of stories , that ’ s a lot of people and that ’ s a lot of love for their home city of prague. ” people followed the pair on twitter and instagram , axani said .
this bird 's name is for the american ornithologist -lrb- bird expert -rrb- , george newbold lawrence .
they were told that they would have six to 15 minutes alone .
he says that the biggest problem is a serious lack of major new bands to follow on from the old ones .
one difficulty was how to place on the map many businesses and homes that have mail sent to the local post office and not delivered to their address .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to stop the bomb , but he is later distracted by something -lrb- usually involving his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time .
this is because we are thinking of how many people practise their religion , rather than how many people say they have a religion .
ripley is a town in the english county of derbyshire in england .
the german battleship bismarck was one of the most famous warships of world war ii .
even apple will find it very difficult to make people triple the money they spend on recorded music .
everything , even milk or bread , takes a long time to reach us and so is very expensive , ” said provatas costas , a 58-year-old fisherman.6 things are also difficult for the island of lemnos , the closest large neighbour of agios efstratios .
together , they form networks that represent the meanings of each word we use : life and love , death and taxes .
edmontonia was a very protected dinosaur , of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period .
the survey looked at pictures from more than 500 cameras in five protected areas and three wildlife corridors .
women have less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs .
sardinia , and also much of southern and central italy , is struggling with high unemployment .
“ the fi gures published this month show that the use of electronic cigarettes by smokers has stopped rising .
they said the number of people at risk of hunger might increase by 10 % to 20 % by 2050 .
“ the top countries are what you would expect , but scandinavian countries were not rich when they introduced pensions for everyone .
two weeks later he escaped into the bush , taking food , an iron cooking pot , and a musket -lrb- gun -rrb- taken from a marine named abraham hand .
but young people who are growing up with online shopping do not think online advertising is invasive .
“ we can make drones fly around a certain area and look at every surface. ” huber said about amazon : “ they say that many packages are light – a drone can carry a kilogram for 15 minutes .
the number of tigers has increased but attacks on villagers have increased , too .
two tubes of amphetamines and more empty tube were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey .
british people think the richest 1 % own 59 % of their country ’ s wealth , when they actually “ only ” own 23 % .
the organization , visitbritain , says that nearly 30 % of foreign visitors , nearly nine million people , visit castles and historic houses .
the exhibition , by me , william shakespeare , will include his will , documents from the time when shakespeare and other actors dismantled a theatre on the north side of the thames and rebuilt it as the globe on the south bank , and details of payments for performances for james i and queen anne .
so , he bought an orange mobylette moped .
that ’ s 65 litres of clean , drinkable water that we fill with soap and wash down the drain each and every day – sometimes more than once .
a top salary can be up to £22,000 .
references other websites 121 hermione and s / 2002 -lrb- 121 -rrb- 1 , orbit data website maintained by f. marchis .
but they are , ” he says .
but , redmond says two minutes can make all the difference underwater .
brooks phoned his coach for advice and made the difficult but correct decision .
after a large crowd gathers to watch him , he is released back to the wild with a tracking device and leads the humans back to his colony .
over the past five years , the institute of health metrics and evaluation ( ihme ) in seattle has led a very big project to look at the global effects of disease .
i breathe out a tiny bit and this helps .
the dominant food species were the wild horse -lrb- equus ferus -rrb- and red deer -lrb- cervus elaphus -rrb- although other mammals ranging from hares to mammoth were also hunted .
i was at the pier but i couldn ’ t get out because of my injuries .
it is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that were stolen by nazis .
they want to hear the natural quiet , the birdsong , and the wind and water , ” taff said .
“ a hot world is a hungry world ” .
if taxes go up , more young people will leave , warns mayor kakali .
they would later return to the new series in the 2008 christmas special " the next doctor " , introducing two new types of cyberman ; the cyber-shades and the cyber-king .
it is extremely dangerous. ” in all parts of greece , there is a lot of depression , and drug and alcohol abuse .
suddenly , customers don ’ t simply complain on the phone or on a small internet forum – angry customers can post their complaints for hundreds of their friends to see or even on the company ’ s own page .
then , you safely collect the weapons or safely dispose of them .
it is very surprising because the novel is not even about scarlett johansson .
they also have lots of good young players , so ferguson thinks the club has a very good future .
however the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as they are for a referendum about the lisbon treaty but not , for an eu-withdrawal .
the two men toured new england and got money to create a school for deaf students in hartford , connecticut which later became known as the american school for the deaf .
you need an empty car park , a small amount of money and a plant or two , and you can make your own private park .
but , these days , the group is getting smaller .
brown bears , wolves and the eurasian lynx are found in nearly one-third of mainland europe ( excluding belarus , ukraine and russia ) .
he used this last song as the basis for his 1912 orchestral rhapsody , also called a shropshire lad .
jeanne demessieux -lrb- born montpellier , france , 13 february 1921 ; died paris , 11 november 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist and composer .
after heraclius , the title was changed to the greek basileus .
he was educated at a small roman catholic school at woolshed .
at least three craters were found .
turkestan -lrb- also spelled as turkistan or türkistan -rrb- means " land of the turks " , and is a region in central asia .
2 underground storage not everyone in a city has a car .
his friends are still on bbm .
the scientists do this by electrically connecting the rats ’ brains .
for instance , many of the germanic states -lrb- as well as english reformation -rrb- converted to protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the power of the pope .
but , on tuesday april 8th , 2014 , she described the extraordinary moment when she received a message in a bottle , 101 years after he threw it into the baltic sea .
that would be like food shopping online. ” he has had a very positive response to the site .
when you use digital maps , “ you have to think hard about where you are going , ” he said .
companies are developing technology that allows a vehicle to tell traffic control systems not only that it is present but also where it is going and how fast it is travelling .
the vulnerable northern white rhino has nearly been hunted to extinction – in spite of the guards and their guns .
the report by the chronic poverty advisory network says that many people may rise above the poverty line of $ 1.25 a day , but fall back again when they have problems such as drought or illness and insecurity or conflict .
in ethiopia , around 20 % of children under five are malnourished .
sarah greene , a uk uncut activist , said money for refuges would be cut if companies did not pay the fair amount of tax .
the technique was developed by albert humphrey , who led a research project at stanford university in the 1960s and 1970s using data from the fortune 500 companies .
but they often have no time for anything else .
until the end , david bowie , who has died of cancer , still surprised us .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
you won ’ t be surprised if you see an ex in the street with a new girlfriend or boyfriend : you already know they ’ re with someone else because you ’ ve seen the romantic selfies .
it records changes in pulse , blood pressure , sweating and breathing to find out if someone is lying .
his interest in funk and soul music could be heard on the album young americans ( 1975 ) , which included the single fame ( with john lennon as a guest singer ) .
“ children who don ’ t pay rent may pay for other things like groceries or they may do odd jobs around the home. ” angus hanton , of the intergenerational foundation , said older people caused the housing crisis and we should not blame younger people for staying at home .
tranmere rovers football club is an english football club , currently playing in the football league one .
obsidian is used in heart surgery , as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels , with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nm wide .
and , i felt free. ” the creator of the future library asked writers to write on “ the theme of imagination and time ” .
on the streets of athens , there is a fear that austerity not only doesn ’ t work – it kills .
the world shares him and london claims him but stratford-upon-avon is going to spend 2016 celebrating william shakespeare as their man .
the arrival of broadband in the year 2000 has created a generation of digital natives , ofcom ( which checks standards in the uk communications industries ) says in its report .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems were much better , and it was used as an operating system for students and hobbyists .
to avoid attackers from guessing the key using a brute-force attack , the key space is usually designed to be very large .
three cameras , which were attached to baumgartner ’ s suit , recorded his free-fall of just over four minutes and then the parachute opening .
coal will probably rival oil as the world ’ s biggest source of energy in the next five years .
occultations by hermione have been successfully seen three times so far , the last time in february , 2004 .
but , after only two games , she resigned from the job because of a disagreement with the club ’ s owner .
more than 18 million people already have serious food shortages across the sahel .
but , on the afternoon i visit allen ’ s class in saltburn-by-the-sea , they eat fruitcake during the break .
we didn ’ t expect it but , suddenly , the donations just started. ” the money is a very big help to a small charity that looks after sufferers of a terrible disease that has no cure and kills five people a day in the uk .
sullivan says he has begun to see himself as a sort of relationship consultant for the boyfriends .
this has happened in the us because of the big increase in the production of shale gas there in the past five years .
this rises to £60,000 to £90,000 when they become team leader .
the 1974 atlantic hurricane season began on june 1 , 1974 and ended on november 30 , 1974 .
with an ageing transport infrastructure , cities in the us have to change and improve their transportation .
obama easily beat his republican opponent mitt romney ( obama kept lots of swing states ) , but the election showed again how divided america is .
the cost of basic foods has risen and the value of the indian currency has fallen .
bangui makes textiles , food products , beer , shoes , and soap .
about 22 % of japanese work more than 49 hours a week , compared with 16 % of us workers and 11 % in france and germany , according to data from the japanese government .
people today might not hear the sounds of the natural world because they screen out the noises around them , says a us researcher .
the chain sells 29 million pizzas a year in its uk restaurants .
the report also said that the monsoon season will probably start earlier and last longer .
they want to be like america ’ s burning man festival in the black rock desert of nevada , where people have to take away everything that they take to the festival .
“ the larger the distance , the more dangerous it becomes. ” of course , safety is still a big worry – singh points out that for a passenger aeroplane to be allowed to fly , it can only have one serious failure every one million hours .
about 30 inuit elders , business people and high-school pupils helped google to correct this problem .
others hid it and lied about it .
it ’ s a big thing for them .
he said it was difficult to know when to talk about wanting kids when he met someone new .
it was absolutely disgusting , disgusting. ” haggerty went with a friend to a 24-hour sainsbury ’ s supermarket in north-east london .
and we know in our hearts that for the united states of america the best is yet to come. ” in a speech that lasted more than 25 minutes , obama said 'thank you ' to his wife , michelle , and his daughters , malia and sasha – and also to his vice-president , joe biden .
but , it is hard to concentrate – there is the loud hammering and chemicals in the air that hurt the throat and eyes .
one clue is in the amazing helicopter rescue by simone moro , steck ’ s climbing partner .
he is a supporter of the project but he says he does not believe the mars one plans are realistic .
the results have led to more studies .
many countries – including the uk , the us , italy , sweden , the netherlands and russia – do not want to give bolivia what it is asking for .
like the beatles , they came from liverpool and were also managed by brian epstein .
nancie prud ’ homme , of the international centre on human rights and drug policy , said people are wrong to oppose bolivia ’ s request .
maggie 's first word spoken in the normal television show of the series happened in " lisa 's first word " , when she was voiced by elizabeth taylor and says " daddy " in an empty room .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf group turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
violet said that she was right-handed but signed the document with her left hand .
here , both mothers met their biological daughters .
brazil and peru want the “ .amazon ” application to be stopped .
in february , reports say that 80 people , including schoolchildren , died near the ruling ba ’ ath party headquarters in mazraa .
a console manufacturer is a company that makes and sells video game consoles .
indian pacifist and leader mahatma gandhi is murdered by a hindu extremist .
the meteorite entered the atmosphere at a speed of at least 33,000 miles per hour and broke into pieces between 18 and 32 miles above the ground .
sandro mazzola -lrb- born 8 november , 1942 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
the hanseatic city of greifswald is surrounded by the district , but does not belong to it .
but not everyone in fifa is corrupt , ” said hayatou , president of the confederation of african football for more than 25 years .
it is connected with local religious traditions including buddhism and jainism , as well as hinduism , which is practised by 80 % of indians .
it is set across canada , its tagline was they came .
steck was planning to climb everest ’ s west ridge and then immediately climb lhotse via a new route without fixed ropes .
but what can young people do to prevent loneliness ?
manchester became the first city in the uk to get a new tram system when the manchester metrolink opened in 1992 .
put that damn camera down ! ” recently , dutch football fans at psv eindhoven protested against the introduction of wi-fi in their stadium .
mitchell only told us that his book is “ longer than i thought it would be. ” he said nothing more .
japan ’ s employees are respected and admired in the rest of the world for their commitment to the company .
thirdly , for some color blind people , color can only be distinguished if there is enough color : thin lines might appear black , but a thicker line of the same color can be seen in the correct color .
we are very focused on the communication and sharing possibilities , ” says iguchi , who has worked in the japanese technology industry for 20 years .
canowindra -lrb- pronounced can-noun-dra -rrb- is an historic town near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia .
up to 50 metres high , these steel ‘ supertrees ’ have flowers growing up them .
each month , sullivan ’ s clients choose from a list of seven possible gifts ( chocolate , tea sets , etc ) .
“ a t-shirt is more expensive in france but i can be sure it has been made by workers who are correctly paid and have good working conditions .
we are going to spend the year re-emphasizing the importance of shakespeare , the man of stratford. ” the anniversary of the death of the man from stratford , the most famous and the most performed playwright in the world , will be celebrated across britain and the world .
every person in rancho mirage uses more than 200 gallons of water every day .
“ what will they be , who will pay them ?
he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
former baywatch star and animal-rights activist pamela anderson wrote a public letter to the als association .
interrupt controlled system some embedded systems are mainly interrupt controlled .
the numbers , released by the chartered management institute ( cmi ) , show that men in uk management jobs earned average bonuses of £6,442 in 2012 – compared with £3,029 for women .
“ it ’ s not pleasant , ” kirkland gable said in 2010 , “ but i ’ m not in control of the universe .
the debate was started by photographs that show that anitta ’ s skin has got much lighter since she signed a music deal with warner .
a borough is an administrative division in many countries .
at present , only one car in 16 meets this limit .
although they were officially used to study just jupiter and saturn , the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system .
israel , though subjected to attack by iraqi missiles , refrained from retaliating in order not to anger arab states into leaving the coalition .
the candy cane is a traditional candy of the christmas holiday in the united states , but it is possible to find them throughout the year .
although it has an orbit similar to the flora family asteroids , it was found to be an unrelated asteroid .
mcdonald ’ s asked customers for their opinions in the us in october .
“ there are too many festivals and there are not enough big bands to headline them .
it is the same with yoga – yoga is for everybody .
“ but they could do fewer long runs by introducing tabata training .
at the same time , they are creating advanced technologies that will allow a vehicle to drive itself and communicate with other vehicles and its environment .
he achieved a number 1 single with his 1981 partnership with queen , under pressure .
“ i bought them for £250 each .
“ we know our country needs to change .
almost 6,000 people have signed unite ’ s online petition .
the film took more than $ 250 million in the us and £31 million in the uk between february and april 2014 .
there were lots of rumours in the first few hours after the incident .
a few weeks earlier , riley , dunn and another former referee , peter jones , went to another level-5 match to check another young referee – john brooks .
in 1998 , almost two billion gallons of toxic water , full of acid and waste metals , poured into the park from the los frailes mine 45km away .
but , the biggest criticism will be about possible health benefits .
it is very dangerous to ignore the volcanic ash .
in the us , the percentage of people using subscription services and streaming rose from 19 % in 2012 to 23 % .
as part of his series , ‘ if our bodies could talk ’ , hamblin reduced the number of showers he had and did not use shampoo and soap when he had a shower .
the paints in the city are still an important centre about culture , especially for humanist disciplines .
worst thing about the job : “ there are no negatives , ” says helicopter pilot robin tutcher .
the pop-up park is a simple idea .
now , however , google is starting a very important update to hundreds of years of polar map making – and it hopes that the map will help give a better understanding of life on the permafrost for millions of web users .
in biology , signal transduction means any process by which a cell converts one kind of signal or stimulus into another .
amin is from a village in bangladesh .
gasoline , coal , natural gas , diesel and other commodities that come from fossil fuels are non-renewable .
“ if there ’ s a story and somebody writes something about me , i want to know what they said .
his literature course had 1,000 enrolments but only 31 people completed the course .
earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .
in venice , the city sank by 20cm between 1950 and 1970 .
“ i knew very little about my grandfather .
a mutant is a type of fictional character in a fictional universe created by marvel comics .
“ they say the new mine will be safe , but they said it was safe in 1998 and look what happened .
brunstad has several restaurants , a cafeteria style restaurant , a large coffee bar , and a grocery store .
we already knew the cause of the disaster but we didn ’ t know that the police cover-up was so big .
but many people believe bbm will not survive .
recently the city ’ s mayor told them that the coffee shops that sell marijuana would stay open , although there is a new national law to stop drug tourism .
most requests for adminship run for seven days after being added onto the main rfa page .
the mulde river runs through the east part of the district .
this is similar to age uk ’ s campaign : “ no one should have no one at christmas ” .
income from music streaming and subscription rose by more than 50 % in 2013 to reach $ 1.1bn .
he once explained that his guitar technique was partly the result of his lack of skill : “ i started to bend notes because i could never play in the bottleneck style .
he doesn ’ t work for pizzaexpress but has worked for 11 years for another restaurant chain .
a platform game , or platformer , is a video game where the player has to jump from and to platforms or over obstacles .
if you use the mirror , you don ’ t need to use air-conditioning units that keep buildings cool on earth .
at the end of the experiment , a special “ auditor ” said carle was 96.9 % “ made in france ” and montebourg gave him a medal .
andrew coates , the head of planetary science at the mullard space science laboratory , said : “ it ’ s a really thrilling time for solar system exploration. ” nasa says that the spacecraft will be able to keep recording and sending images until the mid- 2030s .
to return , they would need a rocket that can leave mars .
she nows does the character alexx woods , a coroner on the cbs drama csi : miami .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the ussr , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
people saw the islands as remote for years partly because the only way to get there was by slow and unreliable ferries .
a spokesman for the accord said negotiations over payments and even legal action would not delay its work to improve safety in factories .
the club is in the central division of the american league .
some of the eight people in the class look like they need a break , but allen is not even sweating .
while the aggregate income distribution tends to tilt towards the top with the top 6.37 % earning roughly one third of all income , those with upper-middle incomes also controlled a large , though declining , share of the total earned income .
it is difficult for a hurricane to form in arizona , because the normal storms that form in the eastern pacific ocean move either parallel or away from the pacific coast of northwestern mexico .
the asiatic salamanders -lrb- family hynobiidae -rrb- are a primitive kind of salamanders that can be found throughout asia .
they have taken their warmest winter clothes , many laptop computers and an 18kg telescopic camera that they can fix to their backpacks .
hurwicz was made part of the american academy of arts and sciences in 1965 .
neptune , is the eighth and last planet from the sun in the solar system .
edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small , virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a big city of 1,000,000 residents by 1721 , the largest city in the world at the time .
“ the changing climate is already hurting the ﬁght against hunger , and it looks like it will get worse , ” said oxfam .
it ’ s good for the local hotels because tourists come all year round now. ” wise agrees that northumberland needs to do more to take advantage of its dark skies , which are very rare .
“ the nsa programme is legal and i believe it makes us safer , ” she said .
this water then fills the city ’ s foundations and comes up through drains and pipes .
introduction did you know that , in the uk , there is no law that says restaurants have to pass on tips to staff ?
there are many plans to save venice , and ho chi minh city and jakarta are taking the problem seriously .
a french magazine was told to stop selling or reusing photos of the royal couple .
the nigerian project , wecyclers , won the sustainia award 2014 .
he was wearing a special suit to protect him against the very big pressure changes during the jump .
historians have learned how archimedes thought about infinity in 3bc because they found his writings hidden under the words of a thirteenth-century book .
he will give a presentation about his ideas for the future of the company on 6 november .
60 % of 16- to 24-year-olds use facebook every day , but 46 % use alternatives .
for all a , b and c in r , the equation -lrb- a + b -rrb- + c = a + -lrb- b + c -rrb- holds .
michael rosser , news editor for the magazine screen international , says this is what makes star wars the top film franchise .
lisa gerrard -lrb- born april 12 , 1961 -rrb- is an australian musician , singer and composer who rose to fame as part of the group dead can dance with former music partner brendan perry .
planning is a very big part of it. ” it was during a final-year project for his degree that redmond produced the express dive .
it is very depressing . ”
on 21 june – the new international day of yoga – narendra modi , india ’ s prime minister , hopes the world will join in .
what the job involves : “ a race engineer is the interpreter between the race-car mechanics and the driver , ” says race engineer jamie muir .
the early spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for when they were hit on the head in battle .
seaworld has been in the news since the 2013 documentary film blackfish , which said that seaworld mistreated orca whales – this made the whales act violently and caused the deaths of three people .
there are also 56,000 asylum seekers who are waiting to see if they can stay in france .
summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which took place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
there will be performances of macbeth in singapore and romeo and juliet in brussels .
and they probably won ’ t mate because sudan is 42 so he is old .
mélodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last really popular composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .
the alu is one of basic building block of the central processing unit -lrb- cpu -rrb- of a computer , even the simplest microcontrollers contain one for purposes such timing .
along with the expansion of stores and the expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods .
solar energy will make up a third of morocco ’ s renewable energy supply by 2020 .
non-english letters are ignored and articles with numbers such as " war of 1812 " are arranged as if the number had been written out -lrb- " war of eighteen-twelve " -rrb- .
mukesh ambani , india ’ s wealthiest man , has built the world ’ s most expensive home in mumbai , the business capital .
she played with the world ’ s greatest orchestras and conductors , including the berlin philharmonic orchestra , london symphony orchestra , london philharmonic , new philharmonia orchestra , bbc symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , israel philharmonic , and the los angeles philharmonic orchestra .
he hates the anti-smoking law .
india has successfully protected the indian rhinoceros but here , too , poaching is a problem .
it was founded around 1958 – 1959 by malaclypse the younger , who published its most important text : the principia discordia .
in 1952 , he started south africa ’ s first black law firm with his partner , oliver tambo .
string theory is a growing part of theoretical physics that puts together quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum theory of gravity .
they all use whatsapp .
apple was started by steve jobs in his los altos garage in 1976 .
the weight of matter only depends on the strength of gravity , but the mass of matter is the same everywhere .
he thought that all he needed was a little more time to photograph the fish in their natural environment .
and the faa says in the rules they want to introduce that drones will all have to use different radio frequencies that nobody can block or hijack .
on one day in august , one in seven people on earth , 1 billion people , used facebook , according to founder mark zuckerberg .
pigeon skeletons lie among broken mirrors and water is coming through the walls .
she expanded her acting range in more recent films like fight club , wallace & gromit : the curse of the were-rabbit , and in tim burton 's charlie and the chocolate factory , corpse bride , big fish , and sweeny todd .
health inspectors have investigated around 200 of mcdonald ’ s 450 restaurants in russia and they have closed ten restaurants .
in 2005 , blackberry brought instant messaging to the mobile phone and the company was just entering its period of success .
they made the announcement about the new banknote at the turner contemporary gallery in margate .
the brand value of apple , the world ’ s biggest company , has increased by 21 % in 12 months , the interbrand best global brands report said .
at a smaller rally in brasilia , demonstrators entered the high-security area of the national congress .
but the descent was much quicker .
does the pope know more about his state of health than the vatican has so far made public ?
casserly argues that there is a lot wrong with copyright , which was created a long time ago .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk with all the other forts around the harbour .
lego ’ s profits rose strongly in the first half of 2014 , helped by the success of its lego movie in the us and uk .
stone cold then dragged a referee into the ring , but then kicked kurt angle in the face , stunned him , and placed booker t on top of kurt angle and told the referee to count .
aquaman has appeared in several cartoon series , such as the super friends , and also in the live action tv series smallville , with superman .
you can still see the crater .
“ over time , there would be more normal social responding .
exporting solar energy could have stabilizing effects within and between countries , according to the moroccan solar energy agency ( masen ) .
“ i understand octopus behaviour very well , ” he said .
diffie-hellman key exchange -lrb- d-h -rrb- is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to establish together a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel .
the town already has too little water in the hot summer weather of andalusía .
as i said during the campaign , it would have broken my heart to see our united kingdom come to an end .
in 1950 , king began recording for modern records .
for example , king bhumipol was born on monday , so on his birthday places in thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
every day in the winter , more than 400 families collect their weekly food parcel from the food pantry .
lucasfilm-disney are creating a cinema “ universe ” around star wars , with many different characters and stories .
the fourth element , 118 , may be a gas .
just in stirling , 30 schools have already started or are going to start the daily mile .
it uses a mixture of acupuncture and homeopathy .
scientists have taken dna from the tooth of a european hunter-gatherer and have found out what modern humans looked like before they started farming .
the giant hispaniolan galliwasp -lrb- celestus warreni -rrb- is a kind of lizard of the anguidae family .
such injuries , where caused by abrasive contact with textiles or carpet , are sometimes referred to as ' rug burn ' or ' carpet burn ' .
vidhya alakeson , from the resolution foundation , said : “ if it ’ s true that there are around one million people on zero-hours contracts , then that would be a big part of the workforce. ” unions say that employers put pressure on staff to sign the contracts .
but now people are asking if she – or her marketing team – have gone too far and changed her too much .
“ the real problem is that scuba diving limits what you can do .
abdullah says tourists are safe in kashmir , if they are careful .
navigation is showing your crew the light of life. ” it has been a busy week for the crews of four sailing canoes – they are in sydney for the start of the world parks congress .
the barracks were made from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the rock on the headland .
not the argentinian and barcelona striker lionel messi , but junior messi enguene , a 20-year-old midfielder from cameroon .
in computing , kivio is a free diagramming software that is part of koffice , an office suite for kde .
it was found in 1907 by august kopff .
a change to this law was considered until princess kiko gave birth to a son .
it doesn ’ t have a single atm or credit-card machine .
another problem is that mcdonald ’ s hamburgers were recently named the worst in america in a poll of more than 32,000 american diners – they said they would rather eat a burger at five guys , smashburger or fuddruckers .
we all agree that a woman at the head of a group of men is no bad thing. ” the new manager of clermont foot 63 was born in alhandra , portugal and has a master ’ s degree in sports science .
“ the pictures are all over twitter and instagram .
the british government says that her funeral will be at st paul ’ s cathedral .
they were alone , without their phones , books or anything to write with .
but they failed , ” she said .
its armor was rows of oval plates set into its skin , plus it had spikes jutting out of its neck and shoulder area along the spine .
they want a new life in france .
lego , based in the small town of billund in denmark , started producing its plastic bricks in 1949 and became a popular and well-known children ’ s toy around the world by the 1970s .
hundreds of thousands of federal employees returned to work after the government shut down for 16 days .
the apostolic tradition , a book about christian traditions in early rome , says that christians sang " alleluia " in early holy meals called " agape feasts .
“ traffic was already bad but this week it is chaotic , ” said jecilda mello , a local person .
what we found from the survey is that people generalize from their own situations and forget that other people ’ s situations might be different .
now , there is news of a new film about han solo and of a reappearance for darth vader .
sir simon rattle , -lrb- born liverpool , 19 january 1955 -rrb- is an english conductor .
frédéric chopin 's berçeuse is a lullaby for piano .
storm history a cut-off extratropical cyclone over the central north pacific moved into a place with sea surface temperatures as high as 2 ° c above normal for two days .
trees grow in some of the tundra .
but the prism program makes that permission unnecessary , because it allows the government to take directly from the companies ’ servers communications that include email , video and voice chat , videos , photos , file transfers and social networking details .
each person heard about 25,000 words – and more than 3,000 different words – as they lay in the scanner .
“ the pack that he is tracking is a strong group of eight or nine animals .
first , made for the apple ii , they were later moved to other platforms .
it was a surprise when thatcher became party leader in 1975 .
“ these are products that have helped many people stop smoking more harmful cigarettes. ” british american tobacco said the bigger health warnings were not necessary and that a ban on menthol cigarettes would make more people want to buy from the black market .
some e-bikes weigh nearly 30kg .
in europe , sales fell by 4 % , mostly because of problems in ukraine and the anti-western mood in russia .
elizabeth goitein of the brennan center for justice said : “ the intelligence committee bill and the usa freedom act are two opposing visions of the relationship between americans who do not break the law and the national security state .
he said that being involved in the public debate about future missions is one of the most interesting and enjoyable things about his connection with mars one .
in each issue , there is a review of an artist 's entire discography , with a review of each album .
he has produced and worked with most of the western world ’ s biggest music stars , including the who , the rolling stones , queen , madonna , bob dylan and luciano pavarotti .
2003 – 2005 in 2003 , he played as a villain in the third movie of the spy kids trilogy spy kids 3-d : game over which was a huge box office success -lrb- almost $ 200 million worldwide -rrb- .
in the united states antidepressants and tranquilizers are now the top selling class of prescription drugs , and neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also rank near the top , all with increasing sales .
he seemed to laugh at a new york times journalist for his disability and said muslim americans supported the 9/11 attackers .
the plan is hopes to protect victims of abuse and homophobia .
in late 2004 , suleman was in the news for cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because of stern 's frequent discussions about stern 's move to sirius satellite radio .
when the rat pressed the lever , an electronic version of its brain activity was sent directly to the other rat ’ s brain .
it is a temporary solution .
the 18- to 34-year-olds in the survey felt lonely more often , worried more about feeling alone and felt more depressed because of loneliness than people over 55 .
a whole range of businesses are interested in where , when and how we sleep and , also , how much we will pay for it .
“ right now , we are sceptical ; we would like to see more detail. ” sales are falling but mcdonald ’ s continues to expand around the world : by the end of 2014 , it expects to open 1,400 new restaurants .
winchester is a city of illinois in the united states .
bb king was most famous for blues music but he was always interested in other types of music and different cultures .
he leaves behind his wife , iman , their daughter , alexandria , his stepdaughter , zulekha , and his son , duncan , from his first marriage .
one third of the world ’ s farmland is used to grow crops to feed animals .
“ the environment minister , jan szyszko , is a hunter .
kelley says the working day should be more linked to our natural rhythms .
the opposite of a son is a daughter .
the charity said that the $ 240bn made in 2012 by the richest 100 billionaires would be enough to end extreme poverty four times over .
seaworld started a national marketing campaign to show this isn ’ t true .
history in 1952 , the three states of baden , württemberg-baden and württemberg-hohenzollern joined together to found baden-württemberg .
in nature it is found as a mix of seven stable isotopes .
the storm continued to the southwest while deep convection laid near the center .
my advice is to go to your protected areas and experience what you are missing . ”
“ i ’ ve thought about buying and seen mortgage advisers but i just can ’ t borrow enough to get on the property ladder. ” she is trying to save for a deposit .
on twitter , he said : “ i can not live like this anymore. ” nguyen is the latest inventor who wishes he hadn ’ t created a monster : 2 the labradoodle the labradoodle isn ’ t a monster – it ’ s lovely .
they are the most popular method of stopping. ” the european commission ( ec ) wants to increase taxes on e-cigarettes , which could make them less popular .
there has also been an enormous change from white to brown bread .
arif sayani , the town ’ s director of planning , said that people who are thinking of visiting or moving to the area would be able to use the maps to see the area .
the project has been controversial .
“ if they are doing this , they are doing it without our knowledge , ” one executive said .
so this system is not an official tropical or subtropical cyclone of the 2006 pacific hurricane season .
only foreigners can pay for it because it costs hundreds of dollars a month for the service – in cuba , the average salary is between $ 17 and $ 20 a month .
you see the same thing again and again on the avenue .
the accord has found12 factories that need a lot of work , but holdcroft said many of those only needed partial closure and production could continue on other floors .
he said that keith moon put dynamite down a sydney hotel room toilet to unblock it .
shakespeare ’ s globe is completing the first world tour in the history of theatre .
the research involved 8,550 boys and girls aged between ten and 16 from 26 state schools in essex .
i am looking forward to the future. ” he also thanked his family for their love and support .
these drugs kill ordinary bacteria .
the nasa press conference began with spectacular images of the sun and the eight official planets .
“ oh , we know what to do with the extra money here , ” said graham .
he started slowly .
e-bikes are also expensive .
at end of the fifth overtime period , managers conn smythe of the maple leafs and art ross of the bruins ask the president of the nhl , frank calder , to stop the game , and finish it later .
“ a lot of farmed fish is inbred , which causes problems , but we are using a process with local fish from liberia , not fish from another region .
in the last six months , facebook has lost nearly 9 million monthly visitors in the us and 2 million in the uk .
it is very sad that a government that could be seen to take positive initiatives with regards to shark – human interactions by trialling alternatives to indiscriminate killing has ignored the best advice and opted for an approach that is ineffective and counterproductive , ” he said .
while there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of arthur stuart , the son of a slave and a slave-owner who has been taken in by the owners of the town 's guesthouse .
with over seventy seven million members , the anglican communion is the third largest communion in the world , after the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches .
lindstedt has a plan that shows the town ’ s streets and squares beginning to move east along a new high street .
the uk told the un that it “ respects the cultural importance of the coca leaf in bolivia ” , but it adds : “ the united kingdom is worried that the exemption could lead to more coca production and – most importantly – more coca reaching the cocaine trade .
that could start to change in the uk when people start using investingzone .
but , it can be hard work .
one super-rich person bought nine boxes of japanese whisky that cost more than over $ 750 a bottle for a wedding party .
in shinto , takama-ga-hara is the place where the kami live .
with the same metadata , they could find out private information about some people .
i think that ’ s common sense. ” abdullah said tourism would help the economy .
some employees are very angry because pizzaexpress keeps , as an admin fee , 8p out of every £1 paid when tips are given by card .
six ikea forks , a chinese guitar and some wall paint stopped him being called 100 % french , but nobody is perfect .
some not sure sources say that he was also in paris between 1308 and 1310 .
lots of people used to live in the valleys of the waimea river and its tributary , the makaweli river .
before electronic calculators were developed , slide rules were the tool used most often in science and engineering .
some people were wearing south african flags and the green , yellow and black colours of mandela ’ s party , the african national congress ( anc ) .
the incident was the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
she was a huge figure in the world .
lego ’ s finance director , john goodwin , said that the lego movie products had a positive effect on profits during the first half of 2014 .
the list included alfred hitchcock , alexander mcqueen , derek jarman , laura ashley , william morris and vanessa bell .
in 2009 , wealthy indians bought indian suvs to impress their friends but now they buy foreign cars .
autism is a disorder that one in 100 people have .
jórlaug is ok and so are obba , sigurfljóð , úranía and vagna .
“ the uk continues to believe that medicinal regulation of ncps is best for public health , ” said the medicines and healthcare products regulatory authority .
so he tried crowdfunding on a us website , indiegogo , which has recently opened up in the uk .
another piece of meteorite broke through the thick ice of a lake .
if the nebula is very hot , other types of gas will be heated and the it might also glow blue and green .
he became a singer-songwriter , a pioneer of glam-rock , then became involved in “ plastic soul ” .
the us has now charged 27 defendants , including former fifa executives .
while it is a separate story , the book continues and develops many of the themes shown in the first book .
this interested the spanish authorities .
hopeful , who lives in vanity , takes faithful 's place as christian 's companion for the rest of the way .
so police opened a large exit gate and lots of people were allowed in .
mercedes sold 47 % more cars in india in 2013 .
he then studied computer translation of human languages at moscow state university in the soviet union in the school of andrey nikolayevich kolmogorov .
with figures adjusted for inflation , the 1965 film thunderball is only a little bit below skyfall .
fcw 's first show was on june 26 2007 at tampa , florida 's dallas bull .
kelly posted amazing photos on social media of the earth ’ s cities , countryside , oceans and atmosphere .
blessed assurance is the story of a father 's anger because his son is " queer " and acts like a girl .
8 supersonic 747s many of us have travelled faster than sound .
i have been very lucky to work with david gill , a talented and trustworthy chief executive .
european union ( eu ) states should now support the commission ’ s idea .
the race finishes with 750 meters on the smooth concrete expanses of the large outdoor velodrome in roubaix .
but it ’ s not easy to use these systems in shops .
fristrup worries that we will forget how much quieter the world could be .
it is unusual for charities to attack the wealthy , because they are usually seen as a source of money .
for danae ringelmann , who started indiegogo , the “ gravity light ” is a perfect example of how crowdfunding can work and how it can test an entrepreneur ’ s idea .
checkpoints on main roads stop traffic for id checks and bags are searched for explosives .
the first three repetitions will feel easy but the last two will feel impossible .
the project is more than a novelty .
trevor hicks , whose two daughters died in the disaster , said : “ the truth is out today , ” hicks said .
this is shocking but these studies do not talk about loneliness in younger adults .
armageddon -lrb- 2008 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which took place on december 14 , 2008 at the hsbc arena in buffalo , new york .
in the uk , 29,000 people die every year because of pollution .
we knew that his retirement would come one day and we both have been planning for it .
we depend on insects , creepy-crawlies and even worms .
the coat of arms shows the eagle of brandenburg in the upper half .
there were two storm in the month of january but they formed in december , they were : hurricane alice in 1954 and tropical storm zeta in 2005 .
most clients , he says , are his friends from university and other friends who are founders of start-ups or work for companies like apple , google and facebook .
in the summer , it is full of billionaires .
you can ’ t sit on a machine , chewing gum and reading hello !
to succeed as a bomb-disposal diver , you need … to be calm in stressful situations .
they do not need the ipcc to tell them that the weather is changing , ” said saleemul huq , director of the international centre for climate change and development .
others have thought that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd because of the criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
the first is social help – to bring the poorest people closer to a good-enough standard of living .
but this could change : the goal is to produce enough teff for ethiopia and for export .
some of the information was private .
mørk is a professor at the norwegian academy of music , oslo .
“ it was an adventure .
the chronicler juan de betanzos who provides us with most of the information about the huáscar-atahualpa civil war reports huáscar 's tyranny .
he stayed there until the start of the franco-prussian war in 1870 , when he became an army chef .
after that , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that was shared is owned by themselves , even if esperanto is never chosen by the united nations or other international organizations .
in 1997 ignacio ramonet , editor of le monde diplomatique , started the debate around the tobin tax again with an editorial titled " disarming the markets " .
he also cut down shakespeare ’ s mulberry tree , under which the writer sat and worked , because he didn ’ t like all the tourists looking into his garden .
oxfam says that the effects of price increases will be very bad in developing countries that need to buy food from other countries , including parts of latin america , north africa and the middle east .
the media , she said , makes the rich “ feel like they need to hide or feel ashamed ” .
we allow this to happen online so why not in shops ?
but there are two other things that can make it disappear , too – water and sand .
the jump beat two of kittinger ’ s records : before , the retired us air force colonel held the high altitude and speed records for parachuting .
but one thing he couldn ’ t do was change the sun .
“ this learned deafness is a real problem , ” fristrup told the american association for the advancement of science meeting in san jose .
michael day , 30 , who lives with his parents in bristol , says it ’ s difficult to save for a mortgage deposit when rents are so high .
some of the results were not a surprise .
he got severe frostbite on the eastern front at the end of 1942 , so he became an offizier für wehrgeistige führung -lrb- political officer -rrb- at the antiaircraft artillery school in altenstadt , near schongau , bavaria .
his actions in 2006 to 2008 made many people notice the anti-capitalist movement for the first time .
we have another octopus , blotchy , but he is smaller than inky and inky had the personality. ” the aquarium has no plans to increase security as a result of the escape but the staff now know “ what octopuses can do ” so they will be more careful .
joseph roche is on the shortlist of astronauts for mars one , a private mission that plans to send humans to live on mars from 2025 .
as facebook has already said , we spend less time using facebook on our personal computers because we now prefer to use our smartphones and tablets .
fossils the town is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .
at the correct height , baumgartner went through a checklist of 40 things with his helper joe kittinger .
ólafur 's second marriage was to dorrit moussaieff to whom he had been engaged since may 2000 .
11 i can ’ t hear my food people often say that airline food is bland and without taste .
eyewitnesses often give evidence that leads to guilty verdicts , but later those verdicts may be changed when dna or some other evidence is used .
however , in criminal cases in which the sentence is expected to exceed two years , the professional judge is assisted by two part-time judges with equal rights as the professional judge -lrb- schöffengericht -rrb- .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has created some new initiatives for smartphone users in the last year .
the chain , which has 430 restaurants in the uk , earns around £1 million a year from this practice , according to the union unite .
the third number say the government district -lrb- in areas without government districts a zero is used instead -rrb- .
there are about 50,000 mystery shopping trips every month in the uk .
my father always says , 'don ’ t read it'. ” when he was asked if he felt more comfortable being captain wales than prince harry , his reply was revealing .
he died an early death in canterbury of apoplexy , and a monument to him was built in canterbury cathedral .
but , the scientists were surprised to find that oxytocin did not help the children in social recognition tasks .
wales will become the first country in the uk that will assume that people agree to donate their organs , if they haven ’ t opted out .
almost half of visitors to britain now say they want to visit places from films or tv .
littman says that , when she talks to the people who come for the summer about the food pantries , they are always shocked .
he is survived by 11 children by various partners ; four others died before him .
lima has black vultures .
good nutrition is particularly important for people with hiv .
“ it ’ s difficult to save enough money – even a 5 % deposit is such a lot of money , ” she said .
sheehy says they do not have those problems .
the welsh assembly voted to accept the opt-out scheme , which will allow hospitals to assume that people who die want to donate , if they have not registered an objection .
people can now test their digital knowledge with a short version of the questionnaire .
one of the first people to buy a flat-screen tv , when tv sales began just before 1am , was james alled .
22 kalliope is a big main belt asteroid of the m-type , found by j. r. hind on november 16 , 1852 .
when the mirror is warmed up , it releases heat at a specific wavelength of infrared light that goes easily through the atmosphere and out into space .
have we learned nothing since the ice age ?
it is used the most often in cooking and pottery .
“ it ’ s just a mental thing , ” the swiss said .
they will take apart and put together again 20 other important buildings in their new home .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
after the murder of van gogh , tens of thousands gathered in the center of amsterdam to mourn van gogh 's death .
you also need to have strong personal ethics and to understand the law .
“ we are making no progress in reducing these problems . ”
google then made the comic available on google books and their website and referenced it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
“ i hope to have the opportunity to work in the premier league and referee at some of the top games in this country , ” brooks says .
the first one to begin making electricity -lrb- generator no.22 -rrb- started on june 11 , 2007 .
it appears to have lived in wetlands , using two fork-like teeth to dig up reeds for food .
at noor 1 , there are 500,000 moon-shaped solar mirrors .
a canadian man became famous because he gave a free round-the-world trip to a woman with the same name as his ex-girlfriend .
in 1919 and 1920 the province came under the control of the democratic republic of armenia as the vanand province -lrb- with the city of kars as its capital -rrb- .
he says that the results should make governments think twice before they record this information .
numbers rose again in april .
the average territory of a polish pack is 250 square kilometres , ” said mysłajek .
pop3 and imap4 -lrb- internet message access protocol -rrb- are the two most widely accepted internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval .
mars one says that the astronauts must be resilient , adaptable , curious , trusting and resourceful .
he returned to the kent coast many times in his life and it was where he painted some of his most dramatic paintings .
in 2004 , the mining company told the town that it would have to move .
i find it hard to believe she ’ ll be able to get the players ’ respect , above all when she ’ s the same age as the oldest , ” wrote one fan .
the prime minister will explain how he will give more powers to the scottish parliament in edinburgh .
even nigeria , with its oil wealth , spends only $ 650 per person , ” shepherd said .
the doctor said he didn ’ t think i had internal bleeding but he thought i probably had broken bones .
emmanuel limal wanted to find love on online dating sites but he was tired of meeting women who said that they weren ’ t ready to start a family .
10 terrible tea don ’ t blame the cabin attendant if your tea isn ’ t great .
and everything can be encoded and decoded .
dürer was a renaissance artist .
gordon peter moakes -lrb- born june 22 , 1976 -rrb- is an english bass guitar player and singer for the rock band bloc party .
people without qualifications who want to use moocs as a bridge to higher education ?
now singerer , a childminder , has joined female , a group of female drinkers in gothenburg , to make and sell beer .
not knowing if your friends are friends with you or with your money .
a 2014 report says that average internet connectivity speeds are about 10.5mbps in the us .
cale 's story told about cale , ending with the beginning of the movie .
“ it ’ s frustrating , ” says abdullah .
to be able to dispose of the bombs safely , you ’ ll also need a special qualification and years of experience .
it was james goodfellow for holding a patent date of 1966. ” even better for goodfellow , his invention is in a 180-page guidebook called life in the united kingdom .
furthermore it is the seat of the diocese of växjö .
she finally found him in a hospital bed in reggio emilia , ill with a fever and living one bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust each day .
mandela ’ s death sends south africa deep into mourning nearly 20 years after he led the country from racial apartheid to democracy .
“ i ’ m not saying that one million tourists here shows that everything is normal again , ” he said .
there was no contact between visiting seamen and prisoners .
the first fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from great britain on 13 may 1787 to start the first european colony in new south wales .
kelly and a russian astronaut , mikhail kornienko , spent nearly a year on the international space station ( iss ) .
this has made football history because she is the first female manager in the top two divisions of any professional european league .
other companies using the contracts include cinema chain cineworld and buckingham palace , which uses the contracts for its 350 summer workers .
at that time , the duchy of prussia was only the area east of the mouth of the vistula .
some of the computer models showed that the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west , which a few days later became hurricane epsilon .
the basic design is identical , but there is a slight difference in the vocabulary , and specialized is more international .
with further work , the technology could have an enormous effect on medicine and other areas of study .
profits from three products – a mug , gift tag and card – will go to the charity .
it could mean the end of rush hour because people would stagger their work times and the times of their school run .
the show came back on the air in 2002 on game show network as whammy !
metal bars block the windows of another mansion , which has sold for £20m .
song list all tracks written by tim rice-oxley , tom chaplin , and richard hughes .
the cost of renting is too much so young people who want to buy a house can ’ t save enough to get on the property ladder .
there is no way to expand .
in medieval europe , dialectics -lrb- or logic -rrb- was one of the three beginning liberal arts all together known as the trivium , with the other members being rhetorics and grammar -rrb- .
“ about one person every week dies in wales while on a waiting list .
and she doesn ’ t want “ personal revenge against the taliban or any other terrorist group. ” malala replied to the violence of the taliban with words against bullets .
he took some photos of colourful fish with his first underwater camera and he was sure they would be great .
and they chose the formal name livermorium for element 116 , after the lawrence livermore lab in the us .
“ we did it so people can learn french , ” said zimarco jones , the school ’ s nigerian founder .
mick foley , who had wrestled for wcw in the early 1990s as cactus jack , won the wwf title as mankind on raw .
nikodinov 's parents were both from bulgaria and nikodinov speaks bulgarian fluently .
then , he learnt how to get money from the banks .
it will be called lady dinah ’ s cat emporium , but it is not open yet .
when used as a live cd , it can work with a usb flash drive , where the user 's configuration and personal data are saved .
she was britain ’ s first woman prime minister .
it can be very difficult for working children to go to school .
leaders included otto ernst remer , a former major general , and fritz dorls .
so , it ’ s a little surprising that at the moment only serious athletes are doing the programme .
in developing countries , there is a lot of “ food loss ” – this is when food is lost because of poor equipment , transportation and so on .
sabaa bahrat square was the safest part of damascus , but recently a car bomb exploded there and damaged the syrian central bank .
the first driver to win more then one championship was alberto ascari , in 1952 and 1953 .
most paranthropus species seem almost certainly to have not used language or to have controlled fire , although they are directly associated with the latter at swartkrans , south africa .
there are now many alternative products , from facebook ’ s and apple ’ s instant messaging applications to independent apps such as whatsapp and kik ( which is also canadian ) .
but the iron ore has kept people here .
duran has spent 14 months in hiding .
apps such as stellarium now turn smartphones into pocket-size planetariums .
humans , said tv naturalist sir david attenborough in 2013 , are a “ plague on earth ” .
he didn ’ t put away his gun as a result of his conversation with me – but my reputation as a reporter rose instantly .
he also said that pollution is getting worse , particularly close to big cities such as sydney .
he arrived in calais in 2013 and is still waiting to hear if he will be allowed to stay in france .
5 power-line helicopter pilot typical salary : £65,000 the job : to fly close to power lines in a helicopter so that someone can check the lines with a camera .
the usual reasons are given – women are leaving it “ too late ” and couples are living together without getting married and waiting to start families .
because of this , he filmed scenes with actors on the edge of both sides so that they would have to show it that way .
“ my head is still not clear now , ” he said .
michael ibsen , identified as the descendant of richard ’ s sister , was shocked when he heard the confirmation on sunday .
she will have serious political problems , both now and in 2014 , when brazil will host the world cup and also have an election .
but in the grounds of the empty mansions , stone fountains crumble .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
if we come every day , maybe our dreams will come true , ” says kamal , a refugee from sudan .
the news was told to the country by the current president , jacob zuma , who said mandela died around 8.50pm local time and was at peace .
the area where the house was will be on display for the anniversary , with the foundations marked and the garden restored .
at work , it can be a good idea to tell your employer how you ’ re feeling .
vinyl continued to make a comeback in some places .
soy milk -lrb- also called soymilk , soya milk , soybean milk , soy bean milk , soy drink , or soy beverage -rrb- is a milk-like product made from soybeans .
recycling companies buy wecyclers ’ waste .
beatles songs featured in the movie this is a listing of the thirty-four songs written by members of the beatles that are heard on the soundtrack , in the order featured in the movie .
from pittsburgh he went to princeton university where he worked on his equilibrium theory .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
in 2003 , the company nearly collapsed .
the vancomycin that we used to treat mrsa infection no longer worked .
an extra attraction is the appearance of the international space station .
cerf said we should develop digital methods to preserve old software and hardware to read old files .
lothar emmerich -lrb- born 29 november , 1941 -rrb- is a former german football player .
dave prentis , of the trade union unison , said : “ the majority of workers are only on these contracts because they have no choice. ” workers on zero-hours contracts are often only told how many hours they will work when weekly or monthly rotas are created .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
the crash of spain ’ s banks in 2008 had a very bad effect on the region .
it was first released on 16 november 1998 in the united kingdom , but the first united states edition did not come out until march 1999 .
the butare shop employs nine women .
year-round school is the scheduling of school so that students take class through the whole calendar year .
troposodon minor sthenurus oreas simosthenurus occidentalis -lrb- another sthenurine -rrb- , about as tall as a modern eastern grey kangaroo , but much stronger .
it was completely platonic .
andy murray -lrb- born 15 may 1987 in glasgow -rrb- , is a scottish tennis professional .
it showed that he hadn ’ t stopped making challenging , disturbing music .
there are 120,000 hunters in poland and they have a lot of influence .
if there is a young guy who wants to break my record , i want to give him advice. ” he said the most exciting moment for him was when he was standing outside the capsule “ on top of the world ” .
one police officer said the manager did not provide enough security and suggested the sale should be stopped completely .
in july 1969 , bowie released space oddity , the song that would give him his first big success .
we buy expensive rice from other countries and fish is difficult for most people to afford. ” “ fish farming is absolutely possible in africa , ” said paul white , owner of a fish farm in ivory coast , which produces 3,000 tonnes of fish each year .
uk uncut wants to show a connection between government cuts , especially the cuts that affect women , and multinational businesses who do not pay enough tax .
it has winters with no sunlight and average temperatures of -15c .
“ there ’ s been lots of interest from many production companies. ” axani said he was not looking for his next elizabeth gallagher yet .
the union broke up because of reforms introduced by mikhail gorbachev .
universities that want to attract fee-paying international students onto postgraduate courses by showing them their best programmes online ?
but other restaurant groups do not deduct an admin fee from tips .
for head hair a slightly different type of electric razor is used to trim and cut hair from the head .
spain is having its worst economic crisis for fifty years .
they also found that loneliness causes almost as many deaths as poverty .
“ it is expensive but the benefit is tremendous .
he says that this will cause serious problems for humans .
this is because they can make comments about a brand on social media , such as twitter .
while they wait for an answer , france does not give them any money or allow them to work .
poland didn ’ t have many big roads until recently and this has helped wolves .
i don ’ t know what people are expecting me to say. ” she did not have to worry .
“ two minutes is not a lot of time but it is a lot longer than that , ” he says .
the team was named after the burning of atlanta , led by u.s. army general william sherman during the american civil war .
“ this is very serious , joe , ” he told kitttinger .
other people are not so sure .
modi is a vegetarian and a yoga practitioner .
a cafe and some other businesses are now on the site of the fort , and the rue saint antoine passes directly over it as it opens onto the roundabout of the bastille .
in 1938 , they were elected to join the football league and played in " division three -lrb- south -rrb- " until the end of the 1954 season when they were promoted to " division two " .
it was completed in 1992 and makes it possible for boats to travel from the north sea to the black sea .
“ you can carry 45kg of shopping .
the hainich became the 13th national park of germany in 1997 .
music storage and marketing digital audio files can be moved from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible media player -lrb- with caveats for drm-locked files -rrb- .
he now had to play sitting down but his singing and playing were almost as good as ever .
in december of 1967 , ten boom was given the award of righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
minor planet designations are number-name combinations given by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
to succeed as a power-line helicopter pilot , you need … a steady hand and to stay calm in difficult situations .
but , a restoration project of tower rooms has begun .
“ the earth is a beautiful planet , ” he said .
in 1971 , scottish sailor dougal robertson and his family were sailing to the galápagos islands from panama when their boat was sunk by killer whales .
he settled in london , spending most of his time teaching .
sales increased by 32 % in america and by 101 % in the uk in 2013 .
tube sound -lrb- or valve sound -rrb- is the sound produced by a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier .
“ the number of people who use e-cigarettes while continuing to smoke is going down , ” west said .
it was a hit in the uk in 2010 and , then , in the us .
so , many people decide to live there and not work illegally because then they will not be allowed to stay in france .
bill bowerman -lrb- february 19 , 1911 - december 24 , 1999 -rrb- was an american track and field coach at the university of oregon .
it is bordered by iran in the west , pakistan in the south and east , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , tajikistan in the north , and china in the northeast .
benedict said that he is resigning not just for physical reasons but also for psychological reasons .
days later , blatter won a fifth term as president but then agreed to leave his job as the crisis grew .
it ’ s the light that controls it. ” but it isn ’ t just students who would benefit from a later start .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as a streched object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
some people say more houses are not needed in spain because the country already has a million empty houses .
he says that , if he is careful , he can make his summer earnings last until november .
“ the general public and many academics have underestimated the importance of stratford to shakespeare .
there was noise from human activity in all the parks , for example aircraft , motorbikes , motorboats and tour buses .
he also talked about his feelings for some parts of the media and described how his father constantly told him to behave more like a member of the royal family .
just 2 % of children ’ s time using devices is spent emailing .
1983 was the year in which he put his energy into the album let ’ s dance and his concerts .
then , there is visible light and infrared radiation from the sun , which also heat up buildings .
the school gives the good students some awards , such as scholarships , academic awards , flying eagle awards and improvement awards .
this led scientists to look at the old photos again , and the moon was finally found in the images .
if there is a young guy who wants to break my record , i want to give him advice. ” he said the most exciting moment for him was when he was standing outside the capsule “ on top of the world ” .
both men might get life bans when the fifa ethics committee hears their case in december if they are found guilty .
buildings twin cities manchester has twinning plans -lrb- or " friendship agreements " -rrb- with lots of places .
riley , as a young referee , bought himself books on psychology and nutrition because there was no information on offer to him at all .
4 pedestrian electricity every day , hundreds of people in the east london neighbourhood of west ham cross a pedestrian walkway close to the underground station .
the study looked at the economy , health , education , housing and the environment .
rare mountain gorillas live in the virunga national park in dr congo .
churchill is on the £5 and austen is on the £10 note .
“ the boys in the team can be difficult to manage .
if someone ’ s going to the gym eight times a week and travelling every month , they are not putting a family first. ” limal has a six-year-old daughter from an old relationship but he has always wanted more children .
the swiss federal office of justice said of the latest arrests : “ they are in custody before their extradition .
seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- magical powers or skills -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
worst thing about the job : when you are testing the security of a new customer ’ s network and you find that they have already been hacked .
some prefer to soak the lentils for an longer time and discard the water .
lots of objections were raised to the idea and the corporation did not allow tram tracks to be put in the high street and above bar .
people in haringey , london , were very happy , because they led a campaign to stop the sale of the artwork that was removed from the wall of a poundland shop in haringey .
“ the world needs to find a different path . ”
that is enough to build more than six eiffel towers every day .
hot chocolate and churros is the normal working-man 's breakfast in spain .
bolivia has received a special exemption from the 1961 convention on drugs , the agreement that controls international drugs policy .
this was the first force from outside the people 's republic of china to join the rescue effort .
“ we are taught , as doctors , that in areas with malaria , you become semi-immune as an adult , ” said dr christopher murray , ihme director .
the number of tropical cyclones will probably not change , but they may become more intense , with stronger winds and heavier rainfall .
pethidine is also relatively bad for use when a patient is suffering from liver , or kidney disease , has a history of seizures or epilepsy , has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems , or suffers from hyperthyroidism , asthma , or addison 's disease .
the team discusses that they might see the northern lights but fildes doesn ’ t think they will .
elin arrives late at agnes 's house , mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party , where there will be a boy she wants to avoid .
he became the world ’ s first supersonic skydiver when he broke the sound barrier .
in developed countries , people and shops throw away between 30 % and 40 % of all food bought but , in poorer countries , people throw away only 5 % to 16 % .
the project leader for google said he hoped to see the work continue in other northern towns .
“ in order to analyze the colour of the blood , the thickness of body fluids or smells , we ’ ll need to use traditional autopsy methods , ” said lars oesterhelweg , deputy director of the institute of forensic medicine at the charité hospital in berlin , which is using a version of the virtopsy .
one government official said : “ if i was afraid , i would just shut my door and stay inside .
he said that he read the stories written about him .
a final violent fight with police took place at glenrowan .
this is more secure , but it may not work with some older cards .
almost everywhere in the world , except countries such as lesotho , which have problems with hiv and violence , life expectancy is increasing .
wagamama , pizza hut and tgi friday all take nothing .
the name comes from the spanish words pesos oro -lrb- gold weights -rrb- or pesos plata -lrb- silver weights -rrb- .
but she said the atmosphere in tesco scared her this time .
the inner eyewall died out as a 23 mile -lrb- 37 km -rrb- outer eyewall became took over , and at the same time , the overall organization of the hurricane improved .
i wish the city had just let that happen , not force the ban into every bar that doesn ’ t have music , ” says zalia beville , manager of the all ways lounge .
some winners ( 15 % ) have started their own businesses , 9 % have helped others to start a business , and 6 % have invested in or bought other people ’ s businesses .
the survey also shows the amount of bread people eat has fallen from 25 to 15 slices a week over the past forty years .
but “ the main cause ” of the disaster was the way the police controlled the crowd .
“ this is the moment of our deepest sorrow , ” zuma said .
the data comes from 150,000 families who took part in the survey between 1974 and 2000 , combined with information from 2000 to 2014 .
christian advises people who have to eat turtles to start with their eyes – “ lots of fluid ” – then drink the blood .
for example , the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
meps decided e-cigarettes should only be regulated as medical products if the e-cigarette companies said they could stop people from smoking .
in many parts of the world , the land is also sinking .
other generalizations of the main conjecture proved using the euler system method have been found by karl rubin , amongst others .
' ” limal borrowed money to start babyklar.nu – or 'baby-ready now ' in english .
not sleeping very much used to be a sign that you were busy and important .
but the raja has equal status with the other rulers and is one of the electors who designate one of their number as the yang di-pertuan agong every five years .
it was directed by australian baz luhrmann and stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the title roles .
he believes that things will change very soon .
but download earnings reached their highest point in 2013 in the uk at £283 million and fell to £249 million in 2014 .
in 2014 , 1,215 rhinos were killed for their horns in south africa .
food and fuel are already more expensive than on mainland greece .
the komodo dragon 's diet includes invertebrates , other reptiles -lrb- including smaller komodo dragons -rrb- , birds , bird eggs , small mammals , monkeys , wild boars , goats , deer , horses , and water buffalos .
but i was in her territory and she ’ s a wild , unpredictable animal .
the cost of meat is increasing – it costs more money now , but also people have to destroy a lot of rainforest to make fields or to grow food for cows .
but you don ’ t want to watch star wars on your iphone. ” dergarabedian expects big business when the force awakens opens at cinemas in december 2015 .
an average cloud would take a year to fall one metre .
“ for example , it would make life difﬁcult , if not impossible , in much of the tropics and it would guarantee the eventual melting of the greenland ice sheet and some of the antarctic ice sheet. ” and , if the ice sheets melt , sea levels will rise by many metres .
in practice , however , the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second as defined above .
it is an interesting type , as it mixes up pakistani classical music with american rock .
this was followed by the making of the grey league , sometimes called oberbund , in 1395 in the upper rhine valley .
“ we are going to feel the effect of those losses .
the first church of benrath was built in 1002 .
families in lagos collect the rubbish on the streets .
the book received the 1961 pulitzer prize for fiction .
“ we ’ ve only been studying vaping for just over a year , so it ’ s a short time period , but we are not seeing growth in the number of long-term ex-smokers or ‘ never ’ smokers using e-cigarettes .
a hunting dog is any dog who helps humans in hunting .
in early 2003 , she released the album to be continued … which like her previous releases , was a success .
perhaps you remember the last time you were close to people who already don ’ t shower enough but you can relax .
there have been some problems in other sports with players having heart attacks. ” caroline wozniacki said : “ i put the water bottle down on the court and it started melting a little bit .
charles gant , film editor for heat magazine , thinks it can .
most take only nine days of holiday , according to the labour ministry .
hawk nelson is a christian rock band from peterborough , ontario , canada .
another protest march , near rio ’ s maracana stadium , also had a heavy police response .
it always makes conflict worse .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police unit in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
obama replied : “ no. ” earlier , the republican senator mike lee said there would be more trouble : “ the media keeps asking : 'was it worth it ? '
“ they think money is more important than laws , ” said raúl romeva , a member of the european parliament .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a drug .
“ at first it was just a bit of fun but then it became more serious and we got involved in crime. ” after he left college , he got a full-time job but he was also making money illegally as part of the gang .
“ tasting is an important quality check to make sure each different ingredient is perfectly balanced , ” says philip wells , the chief taster for lily ’ s kitchen pet food .
but , richer countries are not always safer for women – a third of women in rich countries ( 32.7 % ) will experience violence .
it is next to lord wandsworth college .
only 1.8 % of children are regular e-cigarette users .
how does he feel when he watches football on tv and a referee is attacked ?
7 you can ’ t cure jet lag the world is divided into time zones .
she has to care for a child that is not hers on her own while her child is with someone else. ” the woman became unhappy and asked the children ’ s court to give her custody of her biological child , but the other mother refused .
for example , mumsnet , an online network for parents , can help you feel less alone when you are at home with young children .
this is done by linking a system to toilets .
will & grace became a ratings success , and messing gained fame .
a member of the swiss federal council josef escher was born in simplon .
the last big united nations ( un ) report , in 2007 , said there would be temperature rises of 6°c or more by the end of the century .
violence has a big effect on women ’ s health .
but , the biggest shock has been the recent decision of the andalucían government to reopen the frailes mine that nearly destroyed doñana in 1998 .
but i believe that everyone wants people to understand them and to understand other people .
some visitors may feel it is not right to have fun in a place where local people have very high levels of anxiety and lots of mental health problems .
he was in favour of user-centered design process in product development cycles and also worked towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
what he has not yet done is test the device on a diver , completely underwater for two minutes .
baumgartner later said that all he could think about was getting back alive , but he also said : “ sometimes you have to go up really high to see how small you are. ” his other two records were for the highest altitude manned balloon flight and the highest altitude skydive .
cerf warns that we will also lose important political and historical documents because of bit rot .
the nhl created the icing rule on march 13 , 1939 .
in shinto , when a kami is worshipped , it is invited to leave takama-ga-hara and enter a shrine .
they said that being alone with their thoughts was so hard for many participants that they gave themselves an electric shock , something the participants had said they would pay not to get .
you ’ ll be able to post photos and videos of what you see on facebook or send them as an email .
children born in november or october were fitter , stronger and more powerful than children born in the other ten months of the year .
while eating this mushroom will not kill you , it may cause cramps , vomiting , and diarrhea .
photos that are uploaded to instagram get instant comments and snapchat ’ s pictures have opened a world of other possibilities .
he left prison after five years and started his scheme .
genista juncea -rrb- , also known as weaver 's broom , is a perennial , leguminous shrub that grows in the mediterranean region in southern europe , southwest asia and northwest africa , where it is found in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .
the purposes of cleanliness is health , beauty , absence of offensive odor and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others .
the technology joins dna from glowing marine bacteria with a plant to create a glow like a jellyfish .
a feast for crows is the fourth of seven planned books in a song of ice and fire , a fantasy series written by george r. r. martin .
japan is trying to persuade south korea and other countries to start to buy japanese food again after the fukushima nuclear accident .
things to see in nouakchott include nouakchott museum , several markets including nouakchott silver market , and the beaches .
daikokuten came from the indian god , shiva .
the authors say governments should have a national development plan and make sure the poorest people are represented politically as well as trying to stop difficult social customs , such as dowries and witchcraft , that make extreme poverty worse .
they found four times more pesticides on regular crops than on organic food .
there is a need to change some attitudes , said watts .
in northumberland dark sky park , it is so dark that venus casts a shadow on the earth .
companies must allow them a minimum of ten days ’ paid holiday , plus 15 one-day national holidays .
the ventricular muscle twitches randomly when it should contract in unison , and the ventricles can not pump blood into the arteries and into the systemic circulation .
i thought the most likely date was 22 february but i got it wrong. ” soon after the announcement , the vatican was saying that the pope ’ s decision was brave .
and , if you can ’ t go out , the internet can help you .
the devices let the animals work together on simple tasks to earn rewards , such as a drink of water .
dry air wrapping around the southern half of the cyclone dissipated most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
appearance this spider is yellowish-brown with many dark spots on the rear half , in no order .
sweet dreams , which tells the story of how the women have made a positive future after the genocide , also includes the female drummers .
when they didn ’ t have death registries or medical records they decided the cause of death by an interview with the family – called a 'verbal autopsy ' .
males can weigh more than 20 kg and have a head-body length of 90 cm .
the big e-cigarette companies will study the ﬁgures carefully because they have spent millions of pounds on a technology that they thought was becoming more popular .
much of the ministry of jesus was on the shores of lake galilee .
“ no , it ’ s not like that at all , ” he said .
in some tests , the success rate of the new method was more than 80 % .
romulus , the first moon , was found on february 18 , 2001 from the keck ii telescope by michael e. brown and jean-luc margot .
some report that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
you ’ ve got to remember that this used to be a farming and fishing community – a real working-class community. ” eddie vallone , 22 , says , “ people only see the hamptons as a rich town but there are a lot of problems here , especially drugs .
the senate wrote a peace deal , which included almost nothing that the conservatives asked for .
sales of cds and vinyl reduced a lot in 2013 , but they still make just over half the music industry ’ s income .
experts and scientists now realize that old ways of reducing traffic congestion aren ’ t enough to solve the problems of population growth and carbon emissions , and transportation is now an environmental problem .
europol would like central banks to take more responsibility for what happens with €500 notes .
the producer is involved in all parts of the process of making a movie from the beginning to completion of a project .
“ to unfriend ” is a word invented to describe ending contact with a facebook friend .
each word is represented by more than one spot because words often have many meanings .
it ’ s hard to say how much i earn in a shift ; maybe about £40 .
finally , in 1990 , after a vote among conservative mps failed to support her , john major took control of the party .
big companies use the results of the study to decide where they should open offices and factories and how much they should pay their employees .
ihme has been very radical in some of its methods .
the tests anderson and his colleagues did involved 180 students and employees at lancaster university .
he doesn ’ t think they should follow the same laws as smoking .
by 2073 , there might be a helipad on the mountain that would bring tourists .
however the registration law has changed in 2006 so that in after march 2007 official vehicles will get standard number plates .
john lewis ’ s 2015 christmas advert shows a lonely old man who lives on the moon .
“ but so many people pushed in the queue that we didn ’ t have a chance , ” she said .
it is the established practice of men of science to call the vitreous electrification positive , and the resinous electrification negative .
he added that “ it is not about exercise – it is about feeling in harmony with yourself , the world and nature ” .
he was best known for his appearances with the world wrestling federation -lrb- later world wrestling entertainment -rrb- under the ring name test .
lloyd jassin , a new york lawyer , said that the case would probably not go to court in the united states .
the person who started the group is elin carlsson , 25 .
they can use those fish to feed themselves and to sell in the market so that they get money to buy other food .
the us believes they accepted bribes of millions of dollars ” .
tobacco : in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness like that of heroin or cocaine .
until now , the differences between commercial , governmental and other types of identity were easy to see in every internet address by the use of “ .com ” , “ .gov ” and 20 other categories .
no country has enough money but , when they decide how to spend their money , they should not forget older people. ” the study includes 91 countries and 89 % of the world ’ s older people .
they built a trailer connected to the " hover craft " in the movie and shot the scene while riding up a highway north of santa clarita .
other websites on a fad diet of rock dust , how the garden does grow henry homeyer , june 24 , 2004 , new york times .
the work helps us understand radioactive decay .
the movie a bridge too far is about this battle .
dögg , dimmblá , etna and eybjört are fine and so are frigg , glódís , hörn and ingunn .
the miss usa pageant is a beauty contest that has been held every year since 1952 , with winners competing in the miss universe pageant .
but the french lessons are the most popular .
now , he ’ s a cook and he ’ s learning english. ” others were not sure .
“ in the past year and a half – especially in the past few months – i have seen young people , almost every day , who have lost hope that they will find work .
the first german pope in modern times gave an exact departure time .
researchers monitored how much the people moved their arms and legs , to decide if they were telling the truth or lying .
“ in my opinion , it ’ s just a publicity stunt to get people talking about the club .
' ” “ i don ’ t think it ’ s fair to anybody – to the players , to the fans , to the sport – when you see players passing out , ” he added .
kurt georg kiesinger -lrb- * april 6th , 1904 in ebingen , now baden-württemberg ; † march 9th , 1988 in tübingen-bebenhausen -rrb- was a german politician .
a fee is the price one gives as payment for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant or member of a learned profession .
“ can we create false memories ?
the amount of baked beans people eat has reduced by 20 % .
if you search google images for google glasses , one of the first pictures is of a large , naked man wearing them in the shower .
so my book had better be good .
“ one in the army , one socially in my own private time and one with the family. ” he admitted he sometimes disappointed people and also himself with his silly behaviour .
“ most will be more than happy to have them in the family home rent-free because it might help their kids get on the property ladder sooner , ” she said .
they will sell reusable bottles and cups and offer free refills .
linux distributions started to form after the linux kernel was starting to be used by people outside the original linux programmers .
he says he took advantage of a rare opportunity .
“ the trip was never a romantic idea .
people at the ministry said that they were waiting for more details and that the man will probably go to the capital .
countries around the world will watch the introduction of the eu ’ s new emissions tests carefully .
in ethiopia , teff is a national obsession .
moocs may be popular at the beginning but very few people complete them , says dr brabon .
tabata tried to prove this with a simple experiment .
this list also contains substances which may have synthetic origins .
wilson moved to the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .
he was then suspended together with the uefa president , michel platini , because of an alleged £1.3m payment to the frenchman .
but , in 2011 , bbm was so powerful that it helped to start a revolution in egypt ; and at the time of the london riots , people used bbm , not their televisions , to find out quickly what was happening .
it includes all the colours of the spectrum .
recently , a tiger was captured after it killed two people , including a villager who was pulled from his bed in may .
the bombs killed 15 students in a university cafeteria on 28 march .
most importantly , sam mendes will again be the director .
it is considered one of the most important film critics awards in north america .
i work hard and am good at my job but , when pizzaexpress thinks it can take a percentage of our tips , i get upset. ” restaurant chains ask and zizzi also deduct 8 % of the tips paid by card .
people in sweden can now buy we can do it , a bottled pale ale .
celestus fowleri is a kind of lizard of the anguidae family .
2 we care less about privacy most young people are happy to give facebook their personal details .
bolivia , ranked 46 , is one of the poorest countries but it has introduced good policies for older people – a national plan on ageing , free health care and a pension for everyone .
if you believe amazon , it will be soon .
kiruna is the world ’ s largest underground iron-ore mine .
we don ’ t directly employ any shoppers so we don ’ t have to pay them the minimum wage. ” “ i ’ d go on a cruise for nothing , ” says laura .
“ we think that ships make low-frequency noise , like the sound of lorries or trains , ” he said .
to the north the canton there are the swiss cantons of vaud and bern ; the cantons of uri and ticino lie to its east .
singapore has a railway system known as the mass rapid transit -lrb- singapore -rrb- , or mrt in short .
without them , the history of this great club would not be as rich .
1889 - north and south dakota are admitted as the 39th and 40th u.s. states .
in 1828 , coenraad johannes van houten made the first cocoa powder making machine in the netherlands .
teixeira , the former son-in-law of the fifa ex-president joão havelange , was charged together with del nero and his predecessor josé maria marin , who was charged in may 2015 .
the state receives just £72 million each year in taxes but it pays £155 million in salaries to 500,000 public employees .
the number of minutes americans spend on facebook is falling , too .
it was critical to the voyagers that the world listened to their message and took action .
memberships may be ended through a decision of the ruling body of the church of satan consisting of the high priest , the high priestess and the council of nine .
lanterns may be used for giving signals , or as general light sources for camping .
“ i don ’ t want to rent – i don ’ t want to spend all that money and have nothing at the end , ” she said .
he was buried in the church of san benito , in the city of alcántara , extremadura , spain .
“ that seems like a lot but that money is very important to me because my basic pay is only £6.50 an hour . ”
unite recently targeted ten pizzaexpress restaurants in south london .
there are fewer and fewer adult smokers in most eu countries , but there are more young smokers. ” martin callanan , the conservative mep for north east england , said that banning e-cigarettes would have been totally crazy .
with asteroids , so many have been found that many will never be named by the people who found them .
“ it shows that any country that doesn ’ t want to continue the war on drugs can change its relations with the un conventions. ” but the un ’ s international narcotics control board ( incb ) , which checks global drug agreements , says bolivia may harm international drug controls .
military career donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
the gospel of luke tells the most about his birth , and the gospel of matthew tells another part of the story .
it ’ s weird. ” in 2013 , beyoncé told a fan , “ you can ’ t even sing because you ’ re too busy filming .
a storm of swords is the third of seven planned books in a song of ice and fire , a fantasy series written by george r. r. martin .
the online map that google had already created using satellite images was mostly correct , but one road was missing that had been built in the last year .
the storm weakened over land on august 26 to a tropical storm , but recovered its strength to hurricane status at 2:00 a.m. edt -lrb- 0600 utc -rrb- , about one hour after ending its passage through florida and entering the gulf of mexico .
such a trip , especially off the few big roads in the outback , requires very good planning and a suitable vehicle -lrb- usually four wheel drive -rrb- .
their religion is mainly roman catholic .
a 10kg bag of rocks is attached to the light , lifted to a height of about two metres , and while it slowly falls to the ground it makes enough power for half an hour of light .
it was built in honour of constantine i 's victory over maxentius at the battle of milvian bridge on october 28 , 312 .
designer label louis vuitton is the top fashion name , in 19th position with a value of $ 23 billion , just ahead of clothing chain h & m , with a brand value of $ 21 billion in place 21 .
a few animals have a chromatic response , they change color in changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly like the chameleon and the cephalopod family .
female directors received bonuses of £36,270 over the past 12 months , compared with £63,700 received by male directors .
turner , and also winston churchill and jane austen , will appear on the new polymer notes – a plastic-type material .
“ the body ’ s natural rhythm is controlled by a particular kind of light , ” says kelley .
this hasn ’ t changed since the ice age .
schuschnigg immediately said publicly that reports of riots were false .
others lied about playing it .
' ” she also has a practical idea for people who are overweight : “ i just think people shouldn ’ t eat too much .
the hcard includes information that also makes the coordinates -lrb- latitude & longitude -rrb- understandable , so that they can be , say , looked up on a map , or downloaded to a gps unit .
since 1980 , their pastor has been john piper .
that ’ s cool . ”
if you have a strong brand , you make more money. ” many technology companies rose up the chart but some fell , too .
“ the number of people with these problems is not reducing over time , ” he said .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully checked and need official proofs before being altered .
a woolly rhino in chauvet cave seems young , an animal full of life .
since poland 's accession to the european union , a large number of polish people have moved to work in western european countries like the united kingdom and ireland .
we now know that the story in the newspaper was false and that the police gave them the story .
henry vii was buried in westminster abbey .
the uk independence party leader , nigel farage , said cameron ’ s offer of more devolution for england did not go far enough .
i don ’ t taste them but just the smell makes you feel sick. ” job satisfaction : “ every day is different. ” wells likes knowing that he “ helps pets to become happier and healthier ” .
it is located on the route of an ancient salt-trading route , the hellweg road .
the message and the bottle will be on display at hamburg ’ s maritime museum until the beginning of may 2014 .
a study of social media at the university of michigan in 2013 found that using technology to help you meet new people can be a good thing .
the scientists found bacteria that cause tetanus in soho and bacteria that cause dysentery at a station in the bronx and in harlem .
“ i raised the money and built the farm , learned how to build the tanks and water flow system , ” said sheehy .
he was introduced to mary parent with universal pictures , who agreed to make the movie after watching the episodes on dvd .
bob savage , a medieval weapons expert , said it was probably not a war weapon .
scientists still believed that liquid ethane and methane would be found near titan 's poles , where they expected to find lots of liquid .
obama disappointed many of his supporters in his first four years , so now he wants to become a great president .
female ’ s way of making beer is different .
i really need tips because i am only paid £7 an hour .
meanwhile , big mama tells tod that his friendship with copper can not continue , as they are natural enemies , but tod does not want to believe her .
“ it can be dangerous to use a satnav , ” said spiers .
i knew i had to get out of the water so i swam towards the pier .
rich royals from nigeria and saudi arabia came to this road near hampstead heath first .
the menu scandal has come at the wrong time .
but aden is now part of yemen , and british lawyers may have problems making contact with possible claimants there .
but he says that someone else in the tasting team is also a very important member : lily , the dog .
yarrell said , “ he lived on the reef and fought with fish so he was quite ill. ” according to yarrell , inky – who is about the size of a rugby ball – was an “ unusually intelligent ” octopus .
i got the phone number wrong and i was put through to another phone somewhere else in the building .
the atlas shows how modern imaging can completely change what we know about how the brain does some of its most important tasks .
the charity national trust , which employs many of its seasonal workers on zero-hours contracts , said it gives the same pay and benefits to workers on zero-hours contracts as to full-time staff .
this war against bacteria is different from all other wars .
showering removes oil and bacteria from the skin .
so far celebrities have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
fildes is a leading figure in the uk ’ s growing astrotourism industry .
“ it is possible that we could use this technology to decode information about what words a person is hearing , reading or possibly even thinking , ” said alexander huth , the main author of the study .
another super-rich person bought identical pairs of louis vuitton bags , then cut up half of them to make clothes that would match her bags .
only use html and css markup if there is a good reason .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but has important differences .
unite did a survey of pizzaexpress staff after a chinese company bought the chain in 2014 .
at the same time , oxfam and the un prepare for a possible second global food crisis in five years .
this was mostly because of the terrorist attacks on the city .
in 1887 he went back to america and lived in boston , where he taught and played in some concerts .
“ i remember , the first time i came , margaret said , 'who ’ s that breathing heavily ? '
the atomic number is the number of protons in an element ’ s atomic nucleus .
2 .
the cyclone continued moving northwestward , making landfall around 0000 utc on september 22 near fort walton beach , florida with winds of 35 mph -lrb- 55 km / h -rrb- .
pontedera is a small italian industrial town in tuscany , italy , in the province of pisa .
the same is true of apartheid in south africa and of parts of europe at different time periods ; importantly under nazi germany 's third reich .
“ it ’ s the sun ! ” says ingrid sparbo – she lifts her face to the light and closes her eyes .
one possible use would be a language decoder that could allow people who can ’ t talk , because they have a serious illness , to speak through a computer .
the us team put electronic brain devices on two rats .
ashley , 22 , london : ‘ tips go towards customer breakages ’ average tips : £10-15 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... australia i work in a london pub in the evenings and i do day shifts at a local restaurant .
tua pittman from raratonga in the cook islands is a traditional navigator .
and i had to say it was me. ” ruth steere , 76 , says allen always has her back to the class , but she always knows what ’ s happening : “ she always shouts at us if we go wrong .
“ we believe that it ’ s possible to export energy to europe but , first , we have to build the connections , which don ’ t yet exist , ” said maha el-kadiri , a masen spokeswoman .
they fly in groups over the city and sit on the city ’ s buildings .
it is one of the nine types of leaf-eating kangaroos found as fossils in the naracoorte caves national park .
however , at the end of the 19th century , the 9th edition was already too old and the britannica had many financial problems .
he would want to know what ’ s happening on the outside .
villagers also want better protection .
the combination of climate change and tourism , he says , is putting new pressure on the area .
they reflect the sunshine down on to the square and fill it in bright sunlight .
new rich people are buying lots of luxury things .
not real sunlight , but very similar .
one half of the storm continued to race northward , affecting the central united states , and it was last noticeable in the eastern great lakes region .
her follow-up single " girlfriend " also started at number one and her first album , honey to the b -lrb- released immediately afterwards -rrb- started at number 14 in the uk album charts .
sudan does not look so different from the artist albrecht dürer ’ s rhinoceros from 1515 .
on the brain ’ s right-hand side , near the top of the head , is one of the brain spots used for family terms : “ wife ” , “ husband ” , “ children ” , “ parents ” .
only things that help a species to survive and reproduce are kept .
from the areas of food , fashion , energy , transport , education and health , the awards showed that the future may not be so bad .
“ natural predators balance the ecosystem .
over the last 20 years , many new anchor designs have appeared .
but the same people who painted such sensitive pictures of ice age rhinos helped to kill them all .
kittinger jumped from a balloon 19 miles above the earth in 1960 and gave advice to baumgartner during the ascent .
much of the province is in the plain of the arno river that became an urban centre around the city of florence .
the band wanted to recreate the recording experience of still life , and again entered the studio with few rehearsals and no written lyrics .
the rocket would need life support systems for a seven-month journey and would need to either join up with a space station or land safely on earth .
background chuck norris facts were first seen on the internet in early 2005 .
it is now shown on television in 250 countries .
“ this is an expensive island .
therefore , beliefs are not the same from one baptist church to another , mainly beliefs that may be considered minor .
polydor records is a record label currently based in the uk , and is a subsidiary of universal music group .
he has completed his series of books and most of his projects .
it was only released in australia and new zealand .
“ it shows that we can protect animals , if people really want to help and if politicians make strong laws. ” author george monbiot was happy about the revival .
on august 7 , 1953 , congress passed a law retroactively making ohio a state as of march 1 , 1803 , the date when ohio 's first legislature convened .
“ the results do not show that people in new york are at risk , ” the study says .
it ’ s satisfying to make a dangerous place safe again. ” he says .
food is an important reason why many tourists go to el puerto de santa maria .
then , she floats him a present of a telescope tied to balloons .
he is video-chatting with his father , who lives in the us and whom he has not seen in nine years .
there will be victims of colonial torture from malaya to the yemen , from cyprus to palestine , who will be very interested in this case. ” people who fought in cyprus in the 1950s are interested in the mau mau case .
when he stayed home , with no sofa for the first few months and no television , he listened to french singer michel sardou and read french novels .
there are many other disputed claims to names , including “ .patagonia ” .
tom sanders , a professor of nutrition at king ’ s college london , said the research showed some differences .
the study showed that there are lots of people with disabilities and it has a big effect on people who are living longer but not healthier lives .
it also means that it is possible that nobody is going to clean up where the vultures find illegal rubbish .
the plastic is most often epoxy , but other plastics , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
there is now climate change on all continents .
these benefits are in some ways similar to those that owners of " capital " have as their capital produces more goods , e.g. a factory which produces automobiles just as an apple tree produces apples .
“ nutrition is one of the key things if you are taking drugs to treat hiv , ” said chon .
800 children and 2,000 adults took ofcom ’ s “ digital quotient ” , or dq , test .
who is involved in the conflict one side of the conflict is composed mainly of the janjaweed , a militia group recruited from the arab tribes who move from place to place herding camels .
geography the district is on the banks of the freiberger mulde in the triangle between the cities of dresden , leipzig and chemnitz .
it is the capital of the province of south sumatra .
the same amount in €50 notes would need a small suitcase .
apple is good at making products go mainstream but it ’ s not that good .
and foreign fisherman take our fish .
tazz beat al snow -lrb- 5:20 -rrb- tazz forced snow to submit with the tazzmission .
in 1870 , the total population was only half a million but , now , the state is home to 38 million people .
she was left alone on the island when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the missions .
“ i had been living a double life .
an organism that eats other organisms but gets energy from light as well is called a photoheterotroph , while an organism that eats organic compounds but gets energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds is caled a chemoheterotroph .
“ it ’ s dangerous .
the panel found that officers ’ statements were changed to remove criticism of the police and emphasize bad behaviour by fans .
but fewer than 150 britons visited – mainly because the uk government ’ s advice is that the area is too dangerous to visit .
more and more people find it difficult to buy a house , but 16 mansions on the most expensive part of the bishops avenue are empty .
“ if a woman comes back several times with injuries she doesn ’ t mention , you should ask her about domestic violence , ” said garcia-moreno .
at the height of its great times , ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of constantinople , baghdad and cairo .
“ you can kill without understanding that you have done it .
suneel singh , a guru in south delhi , said that yoga does not just belong to one religion : “ is t ’ ai chi just chinese ?
the technology companies pushed more traditional brands – such as coca-cola , mcdonald ’ s and gillette – down the table .
elliot goldenthal -lrb- born may 2 1954 in brooklyn , new york city -rrb- is a well known american composer of modern classical music .
who invented the atm as we know it ?
the team , led by professor carlo leifert , concludes that there are big differences between organic and non-organic food .
imagine doing eight sprints with only a ten-second break between them .
wecyclers helps to solve local waste problems in lagos , where only 40 % of the city ’ s rubbish is collected .
all-body suits are expensive – they cost about £30,000 – and they can be uncomfortable , so anderson and his colleagues are now looking at cheaper alternatives .
stoke city play their home games at a stadium called the britannia stadium .
a type of the mai style of japanese dance is the kyomai or kyoto style dance .
the empire of nicaea took control of constantinople and also the latin empire so it again became the byzantine empire .
there are ten times more men than women in the calais camp .
even in successful countries such as indonesia and vietnam , the proportion was 20 % .
the uk stopped using the €500 note in 2010 because they were used “ almost entirely by criminals ” .
“ i do not even hate the talib who shot me .
this would probably cause such a total change in their bones , muscles and circulation that the astronauts would no longer be able to survive on earth .
“ if we want to keep it , we need to make sure that people can still see the digital objects we create today in the future , ” he added .
they make up the families tupaiidae and ptilocercidae and all of order scandentia .
but , if the patient can hold their breath for several minutes , it means that doctors can give the complete radiation dose , in the right place , all at the same time .
cathy olkin , a mission scientist , said : “ charon just blew our socks off when we saw the new image .
microsoft windows includes a usage of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .
and there has been a 4 % rise in india to 64 million users – still only a small part of the country ’ s population , so there is the possibility for more growth .
you ’ ve lost them in spain , in bali , ” said abdullah .
after a break , the show returned on february 7 , 2007 and aired at 10:00 pm .
the socratic method -lrb- or method of elenchus or socratic debate -rrb- , named after the greek philosopher socrates , is a form of philosophical questioning in which the questioner explores the ideas of others ' positions , to stimulate rational thinking and illuminate ideas .
a small community was created about four miles -lrb- 6 km -rrb- east of the where the city is today .
the actor mark rylance has called the first folio his favourite book in the world and most of the surviving first folios will be on display – including those that belong to the british and bodleian libraries , and a copy recently discovered in france .
advocacy countries with small muslim populations are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to support civic participation .
all six numbers match , so now you can buy that audi , book the holiday in the us and look for a new house .
“ but , work doesn ’ t start again until may or the beginning of june . ”
omar abdullah , the chief minister of jammu and kashmir , has asked the british government to change its advice , but they haven ’ t changed it .
the shared secret is either shared before parties start to communicate ; in this case it can also be called a pre-shared key .
packs go into neighbouring countries – russia , lithuania , belarus , ukraine and slovakia – where there is still hunting .
watonga , kingfisher and geary were the hardest-hit communities , where many houses and buildings were flooded .
the huge fortunes made by the world ’ s richest 100 billionaires are making inequality worse and stopping the world from being able to reduce poverty , says oxfam .
another car builder , darryl starbird , bought the orbitron from mr. roth in 1967 for us $ 750.00 .
it has been an expensive process .
in 2006 , three mexicans made international headlines when they were found drifting near the marshall islands , also in a small boat .
in 1838 thomas icely asked that a village be started to supply items for his big farm .
a pulpit -lrb- from latin pulpitum " scaffold " , " platform " , " stage " -rrb- is a small lifted platform where a member of the clergy stands to read a gospel lesson , or give a sermon .
in his victory speech in chicago , obama talked about the long queues to vote and said there was a need for changes .
after a long illness , she died on september 23 , 1830 at her home in oak hill at age 62 .
in 2005 , stallone also inducted wrestling icon hulk hogan , who appeared in rocky iii as a wrestler named thunderlips , into the wwe hall of fame ; stallone was also the person who offered hogan the small part in rocky iii .
around 33g of this amount is chips and 56g is meat , with kebabs ( 10g ) , chicken ( 7g ) , burgers ( 5g ) and “ meat-based meals ” ( 32g ) particularly popular .
but some of the problem may not be bad food .
wales has acted because it does “ not have enough organs for people who need them , ” said drakeford .
cypriot claimants could use british documents , and also the documents of the international committee of the red cross in geneva .
but when british designer , patrick hunt , tried to get money from banks or venture capitalists to help start his business , he hit a problem .
everybody loves these animals and no one wants to see them disappear .
proteus is one of the darkest objects in the solar system .
the only rules were that they had to stay sitting and not fall asleep .
they might not become extinct very soon , but a decline in their numbers will affect us all .
a small google team has flown to iqaluit , the largest town in the canadian territory of nunavut .
the classroom is one of 23 centres that sohay has set up in dhaka .
a basic connection was noticed between the module theory , and the p-adic l-functions that were defined in the 1960s by kubota and leopoldt .
we found vancomycin resistant staphylococcus aureus ( vrsa ) in our hospitals .
work has started on designing a new tomb in leicester cathedral , only 100 yards from the excavation site .
but now we know that a plane stays in the air because of newton ’ s third law of motion .
the last election was held on september 18 2005 , the 16th bundestag met on october 18 2005 .
the message said “ we see fewer fish than in the past , and they are smaller .
since hurricane katrina in 2005 , new orleans city government has begun trying to reduce noise problems .
galloway forest park in scotland also has dark sky park status .
he is the author of the gnu general public license -lrb- gnu gpl or gpl -rrb- , the most used free software license , which pioneered the concept of the copyleft .
this position in the federal government of the united states is similar to the finance ministers of other nations .
a few years later , in 1840 , general zorawar singh invaded baltistan and captured the raja of skardu who had sided with the ladakhis , and took over his country .
a single brain spot contains a number of related words .
microsoft stopped developing their java virtual machine -lrb- jvm -rrb- for windows 2000 in service pack 3 .
because cindy did n't cause any major damages , its name was not retired by the world meteorological organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season .
they asked why the company paid no corporation tax in the uk during the past three years .
cameras will follow you around the store .
unfortunately , the pgmol only saw brooks cancelling the match because of a frozen pitch .
an apple spokesman said he has “ never heard ” of prism .
“ production of food is one of the biggest production sectors in the world .
the matter has a crystal structure of proton atoms , with spacing that is extremely small , smaller than a bohr radius -lrb- which 52.918 x 10-12 m -rrb- .
many experts believe that if humans eat insects , it will be very good for the environment .
but he says the evidence tells them that may not be right .
you read about it from all over the world , that people are eating insects .
some rich people want tiger skins .
roseanne was an american television series which was shown on abc from 1988 to 1997 .
they were then replaced by the 4th armored division in 1957 , which was renamed as the 1st armored division in 1971 and moved to hindenburg kaserne in ansbach in 1972 .
he invented it as a dog for a blind woman .
in the us , over the last 30 years , the number of very wealthy people has grown .
they were about the life of luke skywalker ’ s father , anakin , who becomes darth vader .
according to a recent scientific study , organic food has more healthy antioxidants than regular food .
“ the bolivian move is very important , ” said danny kushlick , of the transform drug policy foundation .
there is also the environmental effect of all those body wash bottles .
some people found it so unbearable that they gave themselves mild electric shocks to stop the boredom .
it means that the arrest of the gang leaders has no long-term effect. ” can it make the streets more dangerous ?
the problem is presenting it to the world. ” the top manufacturers all want to work with him , he says , because they have the technology , they just find it difficult to sell it .
alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms , such as bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -lrb- also called secondary metabolites -rrb- .
but the project has already had 10,000 applicants , according to the company ’ s medical director , norbert kraft .
a cocktail is a kind of mixed drink .
“ without stratford , ” edmondson said , “ there would have been no shakespeare .
ice cream is new to rwanda .
mountain geographer and environmentalist , alton byers , thinks it is not certain that everest can take more tourists .
he composed music in many different forms : song , chamber music , oratorio , opera , ballet music and orchestral music .
“ in this case , that period has been extended to over 50 years , but the people who made the decisions are dead and they can ’ t give their view of what happened. ” the victory for paulo muoka nzili , 85 , wambugu wa nyingi , 84 , and jane muthoni mara , 73 , was the result of a three-year battle in the courts .
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and kept its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .
in 1798 , the helvetian republic was made and the lords from bern were removed .
“ so many of the people i work with don ’ t have the money to have a balanced protein diet and fish is such a clean source of protein – it doesn ’ t cause health problems like other sources and it is something we can farm. ” chon began building a pool in which to farm fish .
do you know who gets the most sleep and the best quality of sleep in america ?
plot the setting is a spanish state prison , a few miles from seville , in the late 1700s .
they were given a laptop computer and told how to make sure their homes , shops and meeting places would show up correctly on the map .
it is believed by christians that they were written by people who were inspired by the holy spirit , and therefore it is most often believe to be the word of god .
lie led the norwegian delegation -lrb- group -rrb- to the united nations conference in san francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the rules to set up the united nations security council .
about 200 people die every year from heart attacks and strokes in japan , caused by long hours and hard work .
grime is a genre of urban music which first emerged in london in the early 2000s , primarily a development of uk garage , drum and bass , dancehall and hip hop .
he was very open- minded , and he believed in freedom and that everyone should respect each other , ” she said .
the £460m spacecraft is continuing its journey into the kuiper belt .
now , i have a vision for the future .
about 10 percent of the known stones tell about the travels and deaths of persons abroad .
in addition , reagan appeared as herself in an episode of the popular sitcom diff ' rent strokes to underscore her support for her " just say no " anti-drug campaign .
they are already building a new town square , 3km to the east , with a circular town hall planned by danish architect henning larsen .
its inventors , bob gable and his brother kirkland , were later horriﬁed that the tag became a form of control and punishment .
streets are called " west " if they are west of james or upper james .
other groups want e-cigarettes , used by about 1.3 million people in britain , to be regulated in the same way as gums , patches and mouth sprays , which are aimed at helping smokers to quit .
gant says : “ mendes attracted top actors like ralph fiennes .
tiko united f.c. is a football club which plays in cameroon .
it was the highest rescue ever on everest and highlights the increase in helicopter flights in recent years .
“ how vain to think my writing will be of interest to future generations .
i want to give up at 45 seconds but i continue and it gets easier for a while .
in hot countries , warm air comes in through doors and windows .
but their numbers have decreased to about 3,000 , a 95 % decrease in one hundred years .
super mario rpg : legend of the seven stars , -lrb- also called as in japan -rrb- , is a role-playing game made by square co . -lrb- now known as square enix -rrb- and published by nintendo .
“ but it gives me some satisfaction that people can come , have a nice time , and go back . ”
it has also adapted its technology to social networking services and isps .
he was 20 years old at the time .
in february 1942 , he was put into hospital , which he would later say was due to a nervous breakdown because of the ethnic cleansing in belarus , and the genocide of the jews .
as at previous world cups , ticketing has been a problem , with many empty seats at several games .
post-hardcore is a musical genre that evolved from hardcore punk , itself a part of the broader punk rock movement .
” edmondson believes that , after shakespeare bought the house in 1597 , all his thinking time was spent there .
tiger body parts are used in traditional chinese medicine .
these things could have a big effect on the future of transportation and lead to zero- and low-emission vehicles and apps that encourage more walking , cycling and carpooling .
he had just three rules : eat only food made in france , not have any contact with foreign-made products and to do it all on €1,800 a month ( above the minimum wage of €1,430 to cover the extra cost of living in paris ) .
113 and 115 are probably metals .
the tornado destroyed 20 homes , left 30 others severely damaged , and injured one person , and cut power for about 300 people .
in the section about “ great british inventions of the twentieth century ” , it says : “ in the 1960s , james goodfellow ( 1937- ) invented the automatic teller machine ( atm ) or ‘ cashpoint ’ . ” so after all these years , goodfellow is finally among a group of famous british inventors with john logie baird ( the television ) , alan turing ( the turing machine ) , sir frank whittle ( the jet engine ) and sir tim berners-lee ( the world wide web ) .
birds of every shape and size fill the air and sometimes the road .
in much of the rest of europe we ’ ve got bears , lynx and wolves coming back .
ana mclaughlin works for them .
the meeting happened just four days after the disaster .
there ’ s less water for agriculture and less water for all the new lodges that they are building. ” in the sherpa town of namche bazaar they are building a new pipeline to bring water for the tourists .
burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian plants and covers 1.60 km ² .
facebook has changed the definition of “ friend ” “ to friend ” is now a verb .
co.uk ’ s top ten is filled by colouring books for adults .
noise from ships may disturb animals such as killer whales and dolphins much more than we thought before .
there has been much enthusiasm for star wars for at least twenty years .
her marketing team want people to see her as a cultural bridge between the poor people living in the mostly black and mixed-race shanty towns on rio ’ s hills and the richer and whiter parts below .
the first minaret was built in 665 in basra during the reign of the umayyad caliph muawiyah i. muawiyah encouraged the building of minarets , as they were supposed to be the same as bell towers on christian churches .
sleep has not only become big business – it has also changed companies .
shakespeare bought new place , the second best house in the town , where he died in 1616 on 23 april , the same day as his birth .
he also played the role as veteran police sergeant t.j. hooker , from 1982 to 1986 .
much better than an egg or a sandwich or a cup of tea , ” said arvind singh at 6.15am as he did his breathing exercises .
the city became the center of the byzantine empire , -lrb- the greek-speaking roman empire of late antiquity and the middle ages -rrb- , but at that time it was already called constantinople .
the british prime minister , david cameron , said : “ i was very sad when l heard of lady thatcher ’ s death .
in the letter , she said that she did not like the charity ’ s use of animal experimentation .
4 facebook has been the tool to organize revolutions organizing demonstrations has been revolutionized by facebook .
the european commission , european central bank and international monetary fund asked them to do this to help save the greek economy .
but experts said the two events were not connected .
in 2007 , she was awarded the nobel prize in literature .
this is also the origin of the terms a.m. and p.m. , ante meridiem and post meridiem .
it is also difficult to make sure they stay in school – lots of these children don ’ t finish school .
jez frampton , chief executive of interbrand , said that customers now have more control than ever over a brand ’ s reputation .
the injury confirms the story that he died in the middle of the battle without his horse .
many people told onuch that they needed facebook to read the truth about what was happening – they don ’ t trust traditional media .
but , these days , the golden arches of mcdonald ’ s are not looking so golden .
brosnan was more successful but craig is the best .
the worst transport problems were in natal , where bus drivers were on strike .
all of the office 95 products have ole 2 - moving data between many programs - and powerpoint 7 shows that it was as new as word 7 .
worst thing about the job : other people may misunderstand your job : social engineers are not spies but most people think they are .
“ and the law says no official document will be given to people who do not have an approved icelandic name. ” the situation meant the family were going to miss their holiday in france but they have applied to the british embassy for an emergency uk passport , which should now allow them to leave .
virtopsies use powerful machines .
money is taken from the tips to pay for breakages by staff and customers .
after reaching tropical storm status , the maximum sustained winds existed for three days between 40 mph -lrb- 65 km / h -rrb- and 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- .
many ex-prisoners of the british in aden may also have claims against the british government .
although the director general of the world health organization was happy about the ihme study , other people are not so sure .
other views on the subject have been considered in the past , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
“ there are riches here , riches that the local inhabitants badly need , ” said energy spokesman vicente fernández guerrero .
we do not yet live in an age of flying cars , as predicted in the 1985 film back to the future ii , but smartphones and other new technologies are creating exciting possibilities .
i earn £40 to £50 in tips , ” he says .
its new sea wall might continue to work but the islands around the maldives capital are going to disappear soon .
after the meeting , obama played golf with british prime minister , david cameron .
28 % bought a walk-in wardrobe , almost a quarter ( 24 % ) bought a property behind electric gates , and 22 % had a games room , with 7 % installing a snooker table .
instead , it has a smartphone app that calls it and tells it the destination , and a stop button between the two seats in case the passengers need to override the computer .
sir james chadwick , -lrb- born 20 october 1891 ; died 24 july 1974 -rrb- was an english physicist and nobel prize winner who is best known for discovering the neutron .
i didn ’ t write a novel about a celebrity , ” he said .
“ it ’ s a difficult subject to talk about when you are on a date , ” he said .
two-thirds of men pressed a button that gave them a painful shock during a 15-minute period of solitude .
another test also does not work .
baumgartner later said that all he could think about was getting back alive , but he also said : “ sometimes you have to go up really high to see how small you are. ” his other two records were for the highest altitude manned balloon flight and the highest altitude skydive .
when she jumped out of bed she could see a huge vapour trail in the morning sky and hear car alarms from the street below .
“ on a canoe , you are not just going from one place to another using the stars , the moon , the sun and the birds .
he also said that oil companies have a central role in today ’ s global energy supply and that a successful oil project could help a whole country .
about 2,000 troops were sent to zipingpu , to try and release the pressure through spillway .
this helps them to make contact .
when carter was 5 years old , her mother had a serious nervous breakdown , which took her three years to recover from .
mckinlay believes humans must still able to take control of their navigation .
it has a pointed face and it is about the size of a rabbit .
command module pilot stuart roosa took several hundred seeds on the mission , many of which were planted on return , resulting in the so called moon trees .
but britain is completely different – we ’ ve lost more of our large animals than any country except for ireland , ” he said .
the dam was built in 1967 with funding from the world bank .
jmw turner , one of britain ’ s greatest painters , will be on the new £20 note , after a national vote .
when he visited london , he stayed with someone he didn ’ t know .
fifa spokesman saint-clair milesi said that only 48,000 of the 51,900 seats were filled at the game between the netherlands and spain .
“ they thought that the bullet would silence us .
it has the red cross of saint george -lrb- patron saint of england -rrb- , edged in white , on top of the cross of saint patrick -lrb- patron saint of ireland -rrb- , which are on the saltire of saint andrew -lrb- patron saint of scotland -rrb- .
now , to compete , he has had to leave tokyo and go to silicon valley .
now , people don ’ t feel silly .
one danger is that another eruption of one of the volcanoes in the park could damage oil company buildings and machines and lead to oil spills in the lakes .
this happens when a pawn uses its first-move option to go forward two squares instead of one and passes over a square that is attacked by an enemy pawn .
“ we are very proud of this project , ” morocco ’ s environment minister , hakima el-haite said .
it is in the southeastern part of the state , at the shore of a lake called the tollensesee .
most of the population of the central african republic lives in the western parts of the country , near bangui .
the exact positions of the rubbish dumps are recorded on a live map .
in february 2007 , essjay was discovered to have made false claims about his school certificates and job experiences on his wikipedia user page and to news reporter stacy schiff during a report for the new yorker .
the title of the album , " a little bit longer , " comes from their song of the same name , which nick jonas wrote about his dealings with having type one diabetes .
she said closing tax havens , which hold as much as $ 31 trillion , or as much as a third of all global wealth , could collect $ 189bn in additional taxes .
but , far away in manaus – the remote amazonian city where england played italy – visitors said there was world cup fever with brightly decorated streets and flags on many cars .
because it appears at burial sites across the globe , the spiral most likely represented the " life-death-rebirth " cycle .
“ a rice-growing co-operative in sierra leone asked us if we could do this on our property so that they can feed their workers and we have had interest from nigeria and central america , ” said sheehy .
coles supermarkets is an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers -lrb- coles group before it was taken over on 23 november 2007 -rrb- .
in the tomb of the cybermen -lrb- 1967 -rrb- , veins were visible through the circular head of the cyberman controller and in attack of the cybermen -lrb- 1985 -rrb- and " the age of steel " -lrb- 2006 -rrb- , the cyber-controller 's brain is visible through the dome .
she also edited a lot of schumann ’ s works for the publisher breitkopf und härtel .
at 15 , david formed his first band , the kon-rads , but it was soon clear that david should go solo .
other websites studylight version of the wycliffe bible -lrb- 1395 -rrb- searchable by phrase or chapter / verse reference .
seaworld has reduced ticket prices and spent $ 10m on a marketing campaign .
it said that sheffield wednesday ’ s stadium was unsafe , that the football association chose that stadium for the match without even checking if it had a safety certificate .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
disney won a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
van otterdijk says that more and more people are interested in food waste and this is great .
“ we must now deliver the radical new powers to scotland , ” he added .
but mckinlay , a satellite communication and navigation consultant , believes that we should be careful not to only use our smartphones for navigation .
on 30th june 2006 bbc radio 3 broadcast " night waves " to remember the anniversary of the battle of the somme .
connected to your phone , it will allow real-time visual and audio sharing .
i arrived in the mexican capital after a bus journey all the way from new york .
other websites " a remembrance of olin eggen — 1919 – 1998 " , by nicholas suntzeff , 6 october 1998 ; noao newsletter , no. 56 , december 1998 .
hearing a salmon ’ s click is probably one of the most difficult things a killer whale does .
but , two years later , the users themselves are leaving bbm .
development official stable releases are not often made , but in svn is mostly a stable version to use .
my near-death experience made me anxious about everything .
also , there was drug abuse .
niccolò machiavelli , author of the prince , also saw and wrote about the execution .
she added : “ i see too many men , even in the women ’ s game , who do not have the same expertise as women but are working .
at the touch of a few buttons , you can send a single blackberry message to several hundred people ; on whatsapp , the limit is 50 .
“ it is great to donate to any charity .
the global figure for women attacked by partners was 30 % .
the park is africa ’ s oldest and most diverse .
daniel craig fans liked it and , also , older , more nostalgic bond fans , who lost interest over the previous few films .
the saudi arabian royal family bought it .
3 the ak-47 six months before his death in december 2013 , mikhail kalashnikov , the inventor of the assault riﬂe , wrote to the head of the russian orthodox church and asked : “ if my riﬂe killed people , am i , mikhail kalashnikov , 93 years old , the son of a poor farmer , christian and orthodox , responsible for people ’ s deaths , even if they were enemies ? ” 4 electronic tagging the electronic tag was ﬁrst made in the 1960s to check if ex-prisoners went to school or work , and to reward them for good behaviour .
download sales fell in the us in 2013 so apple bought beats in 2014 because it wanted to move from music ownership ( downloads ) to music access ( subscription streaming ) .
paul jackson was put in as a producer .
king developed a style that was new and different but had its roots in blues history .
the term country code in many times refers to international dialing codes , the e.164 country calling codes .
brabon says that many students enrol on moocs because they are free and they enjoy communicating with other students .
4 mr blue sky sunlight is white .
great seal of the united states francis hopkinson gave his help to the second committee that designed the great seal of the united states .
sleep may make you perform better but it ’ s an inefficient way to improve your performance .
the second test involved a lost wallet with £5 inside .
he says we need better research into systems for navigation .
he said that these social activists didn ’ t have enough money but , at the same time , constant economic growth created money from nothing .
the mosque where young people threw stones at the security forces will soon be part of an official walking tour .
his real date of birth was never written down , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
all the people on the pier were staring at me with their mouths open .
he has parachuted off buildings and mountains and once into a 600 foot deep cave .
while cheap bikes sell for just $ 700 , you will pay at least $ 1,500 for a quality e-bike with a good battery .
the wood in the sauna is coming off the walls .
to remember old tradition , the axel springer press company built its new headquarters at kochstraße again , right next to the berlin wall .
fifty-one per cent of brazilians , 42 % of russians and chinese , and 35 % of indian visitors will probably include a visit to a site of interest in their trips .
it is now the site of meher baba 's tomb as well as places for visitors to stay .
it was the hardest year ever but , now , things are better .
”
they want this place to become benidorm .
it was number one in the r & b chart for 15 weeks ; it was the first of many hits .
zeina , a student , worries that she has learnt to live with suffering and danger .
if , for example , a woman is walking quickly towards the sock section , a store can automatically put ads on screens specifically for that person .
any exam may be done either in a higher or ordinary level .
it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2000 , and given the designation .
the company said that it might be losing “ younger users ” because they now prefer to use “ other products and services similar to , or as an alternative to , facebook ” .
other companies have been offering music streaming for many years but apple hasn ’ t – it has no experience of music streaming .
the feast of the sacred heart is a holy day in the roman catholic liturgical calendar , and is celebrated 19 days after pentecost .
across the country , people meet around large pieces of injera .
“ the main problem is that even a small increase in sound may make it more difficult for whales to find food using echo , ” said scott veirs , who led the research .
disney also bought them , in 2009 .
carle , 26 , decided , in 2013 , to see if it was possible to live using only french-made products for ten months as part of a television documentary .
we ’ re talking about preserving documents for hundreds to thousands of years , ” said cerf .
only 1.8 % of children are regular e-cigarette users .
the other featured match was for the wwe championship , in which rob van dam beat edge to keep his title .
professor robin dunbar is famous for his research that says a person can only have about 150 people in their social group .
between 2007 and 2012 , the amount of food waste produced by uk households decreased by 21 % , from 5.3 million tonnes to 4.2 million tonnes .
the population is concentrated in the south-east corner , which includes the capital brisbane , ipswich , logan city , and the gold and sunshine coasts .
but the judge did not accept this either .
the committee chairwoman , dianne feinstein , introduced the bill .
since the 2008 financial crisis , the gap between the rich and the poor has grown and the situation “ has gotten worse for the wealthy ” , cockrell said .
“ i only saw two security guards. ” haggerty was frustrated when she was unable to buy a tv , which was reduced from £299.99 to £149.99 , so rushed to pick up a vacuum cleaner , which was reduced from £319.99 to £159.99 .
ecw background after world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- bought all of extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- in 2003 , the company began releasing dvds showing the original ecw .
bury st edmunds is where the a1101 road , britain 's lowest road , ends .
18,000 people live in tarifa and 2,600 of them have no work .
we know sitting still kills ; not sitting still helps children build skills that will help them for the rest of their lives. ” the scottish government also supports the idea .
the national clashes ended by the terrible massacres in which the most of armenians in shushi town perished .
“ an experienced presenter like me has to work weekends and very late evenings .
“ technology isn ’ t magic – it is just a tool . ”
it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard et al .
they form part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
but i found out that he was a writer .
scientists believe the mountains on pluto are made from water ice with just a thin cover of methane and nitrogen .
it crossed the florida peninsula that night , causing an issue of several severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings .
about ten seconds after getting into the car , i forgot i was there .
out of 18,217 girls in the casting , she was chosen with 18 other girls to appear on the tv show .
some people hope that moocs will bring the best of first-world teaching to students in less developed countries .
but some people are sceptical of the project , and some people are worried about how astronauts might get to the planet and build a colony with all the life support and other things they need .
many younger diners are eating at rival companies such as chipotle mexican grill .
the uk prime minister , david cameron , says he is happy about the result of the scottish referendum .
it was released on january 21 , 2003 and won dvdx awards for best animated feature , best director , best editing , and best musical score .
“ you have to invest in these great houses .
brazilian fishermen rescued him .
by the end of the session , i could hold my breath for 90 seconds , long enough to let me swim across the pool .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its branches .
these complex false memories involve many parts of the brain .
“ this idea comes from common sense and experience , ” he told the guardian .
after universal studios got the movie rights to firefly from fox , whedon began writing the screenplay .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual plan .
in the province , rainfall peaked at 5.9 inches -lrb- 150 mm -rrb- at whitbourne .
the amount of takeaway food they eat has almost doubled since 1974 , from 80g per person per week to 150g .
the orchestra gave their first concert in tel aviv on 26 december 1936 , and was conducted by arturo toscanini .
unlike most other animals human childbirth is quite dangerous .
this is very similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
the book and the little bit of film that is left can help people imagine what the whole movie may have been like .
it is often mixed with battery acid , engine oil and even shampoo .
but the person who does it next will do it without ropes or bottled oxygen. ” everest was first climbed 60 years ago .
he recently acted in the independent film manhattan minute .
“ adult eels can be a metre long , or even larger , and weigh up to 2kg .
the man said he was not the father .
prime minister dmitry medvedev said that it shows us that the whole planet is vulnerable .
king was twice married and twice divorced .
roger daltrey from the who recently said it was “ weird ” that people looked at their screen and not the artist on stage .
you can grow them on organic waste .
some come to hospital with broken bones and others have problems related to pregnancy and mental illness .
but seaworld ceo joel manby said that the company still finds it difficult to convince people that it treats its whales well .
he married the greek duchess sofia .
“ we are not as divided as our politics suggests , ” he said .
on 20 february 2007 , encyclopædia britannica , inc. said that it was working with mobile phone search company askmenow to make an encyclopedia in phones .
throughout the 1970s , bowie was a trailblazer of musical trends and pop fashion .
ihme said 1.2 million die of the disease every year – this is twice as many as people believed .
after reviewing the documents , some historians now think that adams does not deserve equal credit with le verrier .
“ it should be easy to reduce noise pollution , ” he said .
kittinger jumped from a balloon 19 miles above the earth in 1960 and gave advice to baumgartner during the ascent .
but , like many fans , they said they loved the atmosphere of this tournament , which has had a spectacular start .
but , some students who ﬁnd it hard to learn languages with a grammar textbook may learn more easily in a foreign country , where learning is more natural .
the pura cup -lrb- formerly known as the sheffield shield -rrb- is a first class cricket competition in australia .
nearctic -lrb- born 1954- died 1973 -rrb- was an canadian-bred thoroughbred racehorse .
“ i ’ ve created a lot of problems ” , he said .
we all were surprised. ” tabata created his training programme after he watched japan ’ s speed skating team in the early 1990s .
the ladies have just finished their cake when allen gets up again .
a common element in most ideas of piety is humility .
putting the po box addresses on the map would mean the new map would show all the companies , banks and schools in the same place , around the canada post building in the centre of town .
tdl group said in march 2006 , that because the were asked by chief of the defence staff , general rick hillier , it would open a location at the canadian forces operations base in kandahar , afghanistan .
in many ways , it is the differences between countries that are the most interesting and important aspects of the study .
he had his first uk number 1 album with aladdin sane ( 1973 ) , which included the hit singles the jean genie and drive-in saturday .
forty-five minutes later , the class is finally over .
“ there are documents without the bottle that are older and they are in the museum , ” he said .
“ the first book we did was in 2012 , creative colouring for grown-ups .
but the descent was much quicker .
she also visits china , hong kong , malaysia and singapore , where many of her fans are .
the charity wateraid is asking people to use recycled water from their baths or rainwater from their gardens , or to use sea water .
they are afraid of women .
the project leader for google said he hoped to see the work continue in other northern towns .
accreditation is now essential for moocs so academics and employers will believe they are of good quality , says brabon .
“ the rest of your life , ” says jones with a laugh .
a fishing boat rescued them .
what i did was still a great physical achievement .
from 2006 to 2008 , duran took out 68 loans from 39 banks in spain .
“ the situation is silly , ” said tristan cardew , a british cook who moved to iceland in 2000 .
it was spain ’ s worst environmental disaster and the clean-up cost €90 million .
if you search for something on amazon , you ’ ll get ads for similar products on other sites .
there are now wolf packs in nearly all the country ’ s major forests where the wolves exist together with humans .
as a student , he explains , he studied philosophy during the day and taught himself how to code at night .
they tested the victims ’ blood for alcohol .
iron maiden is a first album made by british heavy metal band iron maiden .
if we reduced the amount of food we wasted around the world by just 25 % , there would be enough food to feed all the hungry people in the world .
the years before his final release in 1474 -lrb- when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia -rrb- , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
the most surprising result has been with malaria .
a road number is usually given to a portion of public roadway .
his actions are often caused by acting like a little kid and his love of food .
i am grateful to all of them. ” he also thanked the fans for their support and said he had really enjoyed his time as manager of manchester united .
felix baumgartner stood at the edge of space above new mexico and paused for a moment .
she often has no work at all in the winter .
if they look for oil at the unesco world heritage site that crosses the equator , as the congolese government and exploration firm soco international hope , it could lead to terrible pollution and conflict , says the wwf .
one view is that there will be a battle for syria ’ s capital , but not yet – in the summer perhaps .
they are different from the higher plants by a lack of " normal " roots , stems or leaves .
today , most small farmers sell most of what they grow to people in ethiopian cities .
the common soft corals on the great barrier reef belong to 36 different types .
he didn ’ t want to risk leaving the us , ” said goldsmith .
“ but what about what ’ s above the horizon ? ” wise and others spent years preparing their application to the ida – they collected thousands of light readings .
he spoke in an impressive and emotional way in his speech .
it may even help to explain how the earth was made .
they have tested the prototype in parts .
he suggested an international yoga day when he spoke to the united nations on a visit to new york in 2014 .
it is the third-largest subdivision of china spanning almost 300 million acres or 12 % of china 's land area .
in biology and demography , fecundity is the ability to reproduce of an organism or population , measured by the number of gametes -lrb- eggs -rrb- , seed set or asexual propagules .
to promote i created disco , harris left to go on a tour of the uk , supporting faithless and groove armada .
a spokesperson said : “ learning in pe is improved by ideas like the daily mile , which can help parents keep their children healthy .
he then continued to the summit of lhotse , the third of the three peaks , on monday morning .
to me , that sounded like a proper astronaut selection process .
the kuiper belt is the solar system ’ s mysterious “ third zone ” where pluto is , with about 100,000 smaller icy objects .
alpha decay , beta decay and gamma decay are the most common types of radioactive decay .
regassa feyissa , an ethiopian agricultural scientist , says that , without careful planning , growing more teff for export may mean that farmers do not grow other important crops .
there are bird droppings in one of britain ’ s most expensive houses .
most people like music but don ’ t love it enough to pay $ 120 a year to listen to it .
radiotherapy for breast cancer involves pointing radiation exactly at the tumour .
pollution , traffic and loss of green spaces are just some of the daily problems that people in cities have to live with .
it flows southeast and is a tributary of the mississippi river .
“ i like school , ” he says .
the people are great .
banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on august 23 debby reached its peak intensity of 50 mph over the open waters of the atlantic ocean .
the caucasus mountains are commonly known as a line between asia and europe , and the lands in caucasia are different considered to be in one or both continents .
this tree is a frequent place for pilgrims to visit , being the most important of the four holy sites for buddhists .
the first fifteen asteroids to be found were given symbols by astronomers as a type of short-hand notation .
my evening job is at a restaurant where we don ’ t get our tips but we get the minimum wage plus an extra £2.50 per hour .
“ i don ’ t think that ’ s how moocs work , ” says brabon .
“ the technology is so dazzling that people can ’ t see that what they ’ re doing is wrong , ” he writes .
scientists let the animals freerun and then do experiments to see what sort of signals are most effective at entraining them .
he is a member of another taiwanese boyband , 183 club .
style in bruegel 's later years he painted in a simpler style than the italian art in his time .
the inventor , bob propst , said , in 1997 , “ the use of cubicles in modern companies is crazy . ”
typical salary : when you start , the salary is around £10,000 .
some of this money could come from tv broadcasting rights .
in 6- to 7-year-olds , who have grown up with youtube , spotify music streaming and online television , the average dq score was 98 .
“ it didn ’ t change my life , ” he said .
the name was created by merging the name for the two orders , cetacea and artiodactyla , into a single word .
the following is a table grouping the moons of the solar system by diameter .
the northern part , the restkreis sankt wendel , was merged into the district birkenfeld , the southern part stayed in the saarland in its smaller size .
as they explored it , their brain cells created a memory .
it doesn ’ t reappear until 12 march .
that ’ s faster than the speed of sound .
the former mayor of reykjavik , jón gnarr , has also called iceland ’ s naming law “ unfair , stupid and against creativity ” .
partnerships since 1990 the district has a partnership with main-kinzig rural district in hesse , germany .
cameron added : “ the people of scotland have spoken and it is a clear result .
mcdonald ’ s stopped using this meat product in 2012 but mcdonald ’ s chief executive don thompson said the company still had to improve people ’ s opinions about the freshness and quality of its ingredients .
many people , mostly with cuts from flying glass , came into the clinic where bets works .
the ancient olympic games began in 776 bc in olympia , greece .
the team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , while the opponent hosts games 3 , 4 and 6 -lrb- games 5 – 7 are played " if needed " -rrb- .
“ about a third of the people who live in wales are on the organ donor register , but more than two-thirds of people say they are happy to be organ donors .
people do not react to cameras in the same way as they do to cookies on websites .
and goldfinger and you only live twice both did better than the other craig films .
rebels , who are now very close to the city , have recently started to fire mortar bombs .
about 30 % of all deaths were in children under the age of five , mostly because of infectious disease .
environment scientists use the saraha pump theory to explain how plants and animals that came from africa moved into the middle east and then europe and asia .
sports brand nike is at place 22 with a brand value of nearly $ 20 billion , ahead of its rival adidas at place 59 with a value of $ 7 billion .
a big canal network runs though the city , built in the industrial revolution , today mainly used for leisure .
“ i didn ’ t like that i had about 50kg of equipment on me .
his first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or " sibling love " -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are made of mostly crystals of ice , neptune 's clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
“ i am not against anyone , ” she said .
when she was 11 , she asked the us special representative to pakistan , richard holbrooke , to help in her campaign against the taliban , who wanted to stop education for girls .
the sutlej river -lrb- sometimes spelled as satluj river -rrb- -lrb- , , , , and -rrb- is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the region of punjab in northern republic of india and pakistan .
the british called the cheema a powerful and united , but quarrelsome tribe .
the sustainia award looked at ten best solutions to climate change .
but , in the end , even if you ’ ve fooled it for a while , the signals from the diaphragm become too strong and you have to give up – and take a breath .
in the uk , richard merritt ’ s art therapy colouring book is in fourth place on amazon ’ s bestseller lists , millie marotta ’ s animal kingdom – detailed pictures of animals to colour – is in seventh place and a mindfulness colouring book is in ninth place .
the celebrations for his 80th birthday , in 2005 , included an award-winning album with clapton , mark knopfler , roger daltrey , gloria estefan and others , tributes from bono , amadou bagayoko and elton john , and a “ goodbye tour ” that was not a goodbye at all .
the gap in physical ability between children in the same class but born in different months was sometimes very wide .
khumbu has the highest landfill sites in the world , ” he says .
they may look like mice , rats , voles , or hamsters , depending on the species and subfamily .
they have escaped working in the factories opposite .
we have shown we are ready to take action to increase organ donation and to give hope to those people who wait every week for a transplant .
when pope benedict xvi was elected in 2005 , he said he was “ a simple , humble worker in god ’ s vineyard ” .
unfortunately , they didn ’ t .
the first person who call it that was a german geographer -lrb- a person who studies the earth 's surface -rrb- in the year 1877 .
valdevaqueros beach is very different from the beaches of torremolinos and marbella , which are full of hotels and concrete , but earlier in 2012 the local council in tarifa said ’ yes ’ to plans to build a tourist complex next to the beach .
the governor of the bank of england , mark carney , asked the public to say which deceased cultural person they wanted to see on the new banknote .
and the rest of us can slowly increase the number of sessions , but we know that it will never get easier because every session needs maximum effort .
kashmir ’ s economy is weak after more than twenty years of fighting .
east africa can expect more short rainfalls and west africa should expect heavier monsoons .
bowie performed at the concert for new york city in october 2001 , where he joined paul mccartney , jon bon jovi , billy joel , the who and elton john in a benefit show six weeks after the 9/11 attacks .
most ( 68 % ) choose five-star hotels overseas .
a similar design can be seen today at château de tarascon .
“ plans to look for oil put virunga ’ s future in danger , ” it says .
“ i couldn ’ t ban smoking in my bar without a ban in the whole city , ” says douville .
it ’ s an hour and a half since my match and i still can ’ t pee . ”
britons also spend a smaller percentage of their salaries on food today – 11 % , compared with 24 % in 1974 .
with a population of 86,000 inhabitants , kolding is the seventh largest in denmark .
today , it marks the central point for measuring distances from london .
but the first records under that contract were not very successful with his fans or with the record company .
name in chinese , the region is known as " inner mongolia " , where the terms of " inner / outer " come from manchu dorgi / tulergi .
in the centre of town , a shopkeeper complained sadly that his baby daughter cries at the sound of explosions .
some , like instagram , last ; others just disappear. ” thirteen-year-old bennett has three phones .
it takes place in an alternate history of the american frontier in the early 1800s , and it is based on early american folklore and superstition .
vaihingen was formally established as a town by count gottfried von vaihingen in the year 1252 .
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the sale of groundnuts .
“ they might need a guy like me someday , ” he said .
king gets medicine for the disease from the liberian government .
the tournament has had only a small effect on são paulo , south america ’ s biggest city .
in medieval england , the territories of lancashire and cornwall were made duchies , with certain powers given to their dukes .
“ we don ’ t need to know a particular shopper .
these somewhat abstract concerns usually determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .
trump has also insulted mexican immigrants to the us and said that a black lives matter protester who was violently thrown out of a political meeting deserved to be attacked .
their children also get up from their desks and take 15 minutes to walk or run round the school or local park .
the shaolin monastery or shaolin temple is a temple at song mountain of dengfeng , near zhengzhou city , henan province , china .
the final question asked if the keepers would like to be the ape for one week .
robert mysłajek stops .
typical salary : when you start , the salary is a minimum of £30,000 .
the movie was written and directed by quentin tarantino and starred harvey keitel , tim roth , michael madsen , chris penn , and steve buscemi .
but people who buy luxury things are becoming more and more difficult to satisfy , the report says .
the spanish were not able to conquer the island until 1697 , after several attempts , that begun in 1629 , when they marched in , from corozal in belize , yucatán and alta verapaz , attacked with boats , and destroyed it .
he drew an exotic beast from an exotic place .
it has a good reputation among artists .
by the early 1880s many people had left the town .
“ it is the worst drug .
special discounts are given to schools , colleges and libraries since these big groups of people are important in britannica 's business .
it is theft , just as putting your hand in someone ’ s pocket and taking their wallet is theft. ” his article comes after music industry leaders met british prime minister david cameron in downing street to discuss the issue of web piracy .
allergies and food intolerances are increasing very quickly but people do not understand the difference between an allergy and a food intolerance – this is causing problems , says the charity sense about science , who have written a guide to allergies .
chess boxing fights have been done since early 2003 .
at the time , several us senators were worried that the law might increase the amount of surveillance and they could see problems with some of the safeguards in the law .
there are lots of insects – there are 40 tonnes of insects for every person in the world – so they will not become endangered .
hydra appears to be grey like charon and nix , though pluto is reddish .
someone asked him , “ what do you want to do next ? ” baumgartner said : “ i want to inspire young people .
the game includes features of role-playing and economic games .
in the beginning , the gifts he sent included receipts with his name on , dan sullivan .
this will mean that there could be solar energy available 24/7 in the sahara and the rest of the region .
the riot went on into the early morning , until police used fire brigade water hoses to get the crowd apart .
117 could be a metalloid – a material with some metallic characteristics .
a third wrote : “ i wish her welcome and success but i think it ’ ll be hard for her to do well as a woman in such a macho business. ” but soulier was hopeful : “ hopefully , with the new manager , the club can find the motivation they don ’ t have at the moment , ” she said .
he has parachuted off buildings and mountains and once into a 600 foot deep cave .
if organs can be taken unless someone has explicitly registered an objection , that ’ s not an expression of love .
nowadays , mystery shopping companies mostly give freebies as an incentive .
she performed for president ronald reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on pbs .
more than 100,000 square metres of glass were broken and 3,000 buildings were hit .
sri lanka is 36th , far above pakistan at 89th , although the countries have similar economies .
all the bats like him , and he said he caught two tiger moths which are known by all the others in the group to be an extraordinary achievement by such a young bat .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain , creating localized build up of flood waters .
all day and all night you can hear the sound of guns , rockets or planes attacking rebels – the sound of war is getting closer to syria ’ s capital .
they found it difficult to concentrate and their minds wandered .
rioters used blackberry messenger ( bbm ) and politicians wanted the service to shut down .
in 1989 , when the communists left power , poland had only one motorway .
members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
i ’ d like to sit in the same place in the next four years as joe kittinger .
you can see it from tarifa .
gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , both with limited success .
the administration of the port is carried out by the karachi port trust which was created in the nineteenth century .
this fact suggests that the yankees are a superlative baseball franchise , rather than simply the greatest baseball team in history .
in são paulo , there were large groups of people but the marches were peaceful .
“ our nation has lost its greatest son .
so why do they do want to be referees ?
the un ’ s food and agriculture organization ( fao ) gives money to projects that show people they can eat and farm insects in south-east asia and africa .
he was also seen acting as himself in the 1996 adam sandler comedy movie happy gilmore .
borken is a landkreis -lrb- rural district , or county -rrb- in the northwestern part of north rhine-westphalia , germany .
the drug is related to crystal meth .
but , if not , she plans to travel to athens to remind the distant government what the tax rise would cost .
the department of health said : “ we are very pleased to see tougher action on smoking , with european controls banning flavoured cigarettes and the introduction of stricter rules on health warnings on cigarette packs .
he has decided to rebuild one of the most expensive sites on the avenue as a collection of 20 apartments with a concierge , maid service , 25-metre pool , spa and cinema .
“ there ’ s a lot of wealth here but almost all of that wealth is in second homes only used in the summer , ” says cantwell , the son of a fisherman father and a house-cleaner mother .
the normal school starting time works for 10-year-olds but not for 16- to 18-year-olds .
penshurst place in kent , england has a hall from the 14th century .
this number comes from a poll of more than 1,000 employers by the chartered institute of personnel and development ( cipd ) .
the left side is from the former coat of arms of the old district lüdinghausen , while the right side comes from the old district coesfeld .
sohay also has classes for parents and managers to stop child labour .
even the contacts and calendar sharing that bbm made possible on blackberry phones are not on the apple and android versions .
they spend their free time practising with ingoma nshya , rwanda ’ s first and only female drumming group .
there is one question on everyone ’ s mind : will there be a battle for damascus – one of the world ’ s oldest cities – like the one that has badly damaged aleppo ?
the poaching is totally out of control .
doñana is also home to some of europe ’ s rarest birds , including the spanish imperial eagle .
“ we are already involved in transportation lines to take energy to the south of morocco and mauritania , ” says ahmed baroudi , manager of the national renewable energy investment company .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and at first did not want to accept it .
biochemistry is the study of chemical reactions involved with living beings .
the book of nehemiah is a book of the hebrew bible , thought to be a continuation of the book of ezra , and is sometimes called the second book of ezra .
la premiere chose qu ’ on regarde ( the first thing we look at ) by grégoire delacourt is the story of a french model who looks so similar to the american actor that the book ’ s main male character thinks she is johansson .
he said that in the study they asked if it ’ s possible that the midlife crisis is not just something human .
his friend rabi says he wants to forget his past in the factory .
he was married three times and he had six children , 17 grandchildren and 14 great-grandchildren .
stratford was important to shakespeare all his life , says paul edmondson , the head of learning and research at the shakespeare birthplace trust .
jan reedijk of iupac said : “ chemists want to see the periodic table finally completed down to the seventh row. ” the japanese team is considering three names for element 113 : japonium , rikenium and nishinarium , after the nishina center for accelerator-based science , where they found the element .
“ he was a great unifier , ” de klerk said .
4 social engineer typical salary : graduates start on £25,000 .
and it looks terrible for the whole sport when people are collapsing , ball kids are collapsing , people watching are collapsing .
the rest came from the government and a local business .
independent uk publisher michael o ’ mara has sold around 340,000 adult colouring books .
the number of vapers who are smokers and exsmokers rose until the end of 2013 , when 22 % of smokers and ex-smokers were vaping .
this forces sewage upwards and pollutes the city ’ s fresh water .
in 2014 , the health charity action on smoking and health published fi gures that showed that the number of british users of electronic cigarettes has increased three times from 700,000 users in 2012 to 2.1 million in 2014 .
it is a question many catholics will be asking their priests in future weeks .
could you teach a whole degree via moocs ?
instead of focusing only on the most popular bands , revolver introduces a lot that are not played on the radio or on mtv .
a new frontal ridge had formed on august 17 which caused the storm to slowly move in a westerly direction .
holidays were also important .
inky – a common new zealand octopus – escaped after someone left the lid of his tank open .
that means some of the 43 districts of the city do not have enough money for rubbish collection .
these eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups , and so larger mosques will normally hold them for their own communities as well as the people from smaller local mosques .
i can ask someone to clean a piazza .
scans of autistic children showed that the chemical made the brain respond better to faces .
maybe gps signals will be blocked so it ’ s going to have an incorrect idea about where it is. ” all this can be solved , he said – but it ’ s difficult .
the town will pay for ten unemployed local people to take english lessons , get on a cheap flight and look for jobs in other parts of europe .
if it sounds familiar , it ’ s because the internet has been using techniques like these for years .
but , to solve all the different problems , we need different solutions .
the artist said he wanted to encourage cubans to become familiar with the internet .
in 1952 the east german government abolished the federal states -lrb- bundesländer -rrb- , and also split the district into the three parts , which were put together again in 1994 .
he had been on several missions before but said that his biggest surprise was how long this mission felt .
in the novel , the model ’ s beauty means that men see her only as a sex object and women are jealous of her .
religion despite the name of the band , the members say they are not anti-religious .
amazon has asked for its company name to be a top-level domain name ( currently “ .com ” ) , but the south american governments say this would stop the use of this internet address for environmental protection , indigenous rights and other public interest uses .
scientists now think this will not happen , but average land and sea temperatures will probably continue rising during this century , possibly becoming 4 °c hotter than now .
i ’ m not worried about clever rats taking control of the world. ” we know very little about how people process thoughts and how they could be sent to another person ’ s brain , so that will not happen any time soon .
secondly , they will have to say goodbye to all their family and friends , because there is no return ticket .
statues of previous ipswich town managers bobby robson and sir alf ramsey were put outside the stadium in the 1990s .
it took us about a week to really understand each other , ” axani said .
the international english language testing system -lrb- ielts -rrb- tests how good you are at english language .
the holiday was first created as armistice day in 1919 by president woodrow wilson .
it ’ s impossible to get water hotter than 90°c during flight – so choose coffee .
on the other hand , the early bond films were sexy and exciting. ” skyfall made more money than all the other bond films .
“ there ’ s always a chance inky will come home to us . ”
when they heard of her death , politicians from all parties sent tributes .
and his ultimate rock ’ n ’ roll performer ?
“ we can solve these problems , but we need to be serious about it , ” he says .
boulogne-billancourt -lrb- often called boulogne or boulbi -rrb- is a town in the western suburbs of paris in france .
our skin has millions of good bacteria .
it is very crunchy and reddish orange in color .
for twenty years , those estimates have been from 1.5c to 5c : a wide range .
but it also found that 30 % are not saving any money .
i told myself that , if i took control of a club again , i ’ d hire a woman as my number two .
and the italian celebrity magazine chi published a special edition of 26 pages with the photos of the future queen .
the campaign has a facebook page and is supported by groups including greenpeace and the world wide fund for nature .
this was joined into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
there needs to be change in the way doctors give antibiotics and we need to use fewer antibiotics in farming .
the uk is not as good as northern chile , which has more than ten tourist observatories and some of the clearest skies in the world .
they did not achieve any of their goals and most people blamed them for the crisis .
to hear they made that decision is fantastic .
he says the late plays were planned in his library and probably written there .
but their training had no effect on their anaerobic capacity .
about one million plastic bottles are used during the festival .
in the united kingdom , law commission bills and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
his parents are happy that he ’ s now in school and not doing dangerous work .
“ we have to do much more , and companies and governments also need to help , ” he says .
but fildes believes that , most importantly , people are starting to appreciate the sky .
he believes that every undocumented immigrant in the us should be sent back to their country and he wants to ask mexico to pay for a border wall – “ a real wall .
mckinlay believes it will take a lot of time and money before navigation systems will be good enough for technologies such as driverless cars to become successful .
old ratings the old movie ratings , which were in use 1968 to 1970 were : rated g - general audiences .
rhys ap gruffydd agrees to talk tohenry ii of england .
this will give their bodies the chance to rest and recover , especially if they have injuries. ” gym fans can benefit by doing three strength sessions and three tabatas a week .
it is worth $ 1 billion .
it was also during his term in westminster that pope john paul ii made first ever visit of a pope to england .
he said he was very annoyed by articles that compare his role as an apache co-pilot gunner to spitfire crews during the second world war .
“ at the end of the day i was in a private area and there should be a certain amount of privacy that one should expect. ” when he was asked why he and his brother liked helicopters , he said , “ probably because you can only fit a few people in a helicopter , so no one can follow us , like you guys . ”
a night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night , or the time that they work .
key -lrb- v -rrb- indicates the actor or actress used only his or her voice for his or her film character .
“ but stratford is where he bought land and houses , where he kept his library , where he lived and read and thought .
over the past ten years , more people see that there is a problem , she said , but “ it is a complex problem .
from california , we saw how we can now produce plastics from greenhouse gases .
the sense about science guide lists a number of myths about the sources of allergies , for example the myths that fast food or e numbers in food colourings cause allergies .
in the uk , 1.4 million fewer users went on facebook last month , a fall of 4.5 % .
they are also played in various festivals as roskilde , rock am ring , pinkpop , give it a name and download .
and , he said that john lennon had stage fright at madison square garden in 1974 – he vomited and they had to push him onto the stage .
police used pepper spray on argentinian fans when they started a spontaneous street party and blocked roads .
the good news , they said , is that these bacteria are not spreading sickness or disease in new york and that the subway and city are as safe as everyone thought .
redmond says the mouthpiece feels similar to a snorkel .
the highest point , called cerro de punta , is 4,390 feet -lrb- 1,338 meters -rrb- high above sea level .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but was not used in a lot of schools .
after doing work experience at chelsea during josé mourinho ’ s first time as manager of the club between 2004 and 2007 , people described her as “ mourinho in a skirt ” .
the purple €500 note was introduced in 2002 : it replaced the 1,000 deutschmark , the 10,000 belgian franc and the 500,000 italian lira .
the plants , together with hydro and wind , will give morocco , in north africa , nearly half of its electricity from renewable energy by 2020 .
for example , most countries overestimate how many people are not religious : in the 33 countries , people thought 37 % are not religious but the real number is actually just 18 % .
but the no campaign won in 28 areas .
“ about a year and a half ago , ” he said in 1969 , “ kids suddenly started saying to me , ‘ you ’ re the greatest blues guitarist in the world. ’ and i ’ d say , ‘ who told you that ? ’ and they ’ d say , ‘ mike bloomfield ’ or ‘ eric clapton ’ .
the slavs started to move here in the 5th century .
since 2005 , the schools are : cognitive science -lrb- cs -rrb- : includes linguistics , most psychology , some philosophy , neuroscience , and computer science .
kingda ka is a steel roller coaster at six flags great adventure in jackson , new jersey , usa .
in the last train from westerbork was also anne frank .
there was no senior english-speaking reporter in the ofﬁce , so they asked me to try to call the consulate .
i had been living as one person to my peers and another person to my peers ’ enemies. ” today , junior smart runs a team of 12 full-time workers and six volunteers , working to help young criminals and gang members to stop committing crimes .
“ and people have been flying passanger aeroplanes for 60 years !
if he does not mate soon with one of two female northern white rhinos at ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , there will be no more rhinos like them , male or female , born anywhere .
“ we will need a new recipe to feed the world in the future , ” said the report ’ s editor , anders jägerskog .
addiscombe is a town in the london borough of croydon , england .
car makers can cheat during the tests on their cars using various techniques .
they said they would never be involved in a program like that .
by 2020 , the government hopes that the law will make japanese employees follow the example of british workers , who take an average of 20 days ’ paid annual leave , and workers in france , who take an average of 25 .
for example , they can tape up doors and windows to reduce air resistance , drive on really smooth roads and test at very high temperatures .
ho chi minh city in vietnam is also sinking by about 2cm a year – but the situation in jakarta is much worse – it is sinking 10 to 20cm every year .
cocoa was an important product in pre-columbian mesoamerica .
“ i do sometimes wish people understood the time and effort we put in .
well , try to make sure that your child is born in november or october .
however , according to the shark attack file , australia as a whole has averaged one shark- related fatality a year for the last 50 years .
it grows to up to 20 m , but in its native environment it is usually not that tall .
he said : “ it ’ s such a simple thing to do but seems to have such an amazing impact .
but the employee who wrote to unite said that customers were always surprised by the admin fee .
obama signed the legislation shortly after midnight on thursday .
she later attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts -lrb- the high school in the movie fame -rrb- before she studied theater at juilliard .
“ you see a lot of pictures of these people hunting and gathering and they look like modern europeans with light skin .
it will give anyone a dq score .
the hot metal straightener went easily through the hair , making less damage and dryness than the earlier methods .
“ are they saying they don ’ t want us here ? ”
but other chains deduct even more .
they use it to scoop up stews and to feed one another as a sign of loyalty or friendship – a tradition known as gursha .
we give care and support to 3,500 people and they need it because this disease is expensive to manage .
they found that aluminium was 40c hotter .
“ the indiscriminate nature of drumlines is often overlooked – even if monitored through the day , leaving the lines in overnight has the potential to attract other predators into the area , attracted by those sharks and other species hooked and injured. ” globally , in 2012 , there were 80 unprovoked attacks by sharks , seven of which proved fatal , compared to nearly 100m sharks killed by humans each year .
he said that the results of the experiments were an important first step in understanding false memories .
john paul stevens -lrb- born april 20 , 1920 in chicago , illinois -rrb- is on the supreme court of the united states .
this is an 84 % decrease .
sir donald bradman ac , australian cricketer said to be the greatest batsman of all time was born in cootamundra .
in the rivers , they put their hands into a net filled with up to 20 adult eels and pull an eel out .
but they said that it would not be a good idea to ban all advertising .
the district is nearly all french-speaking and is home to a population of 35,175 -lrb- end of 2005 -rrb- .
they are now waiting to see what will happen after the movie comes out on dvd in the second half of 2014 .
he led the development of the mirror .
look at those happy faces .
in britain , people think that 43 % of young adults aged 25-34 still live at home with their parents , rather than the actual 14 % .
mcdonald managers are promising to improve people ’ s opinions about its food in the us .
it targets only non- us persons outside the us .
it was an attempt to be simple and make profits for the disney studio , is now generally regarded as a classic of animation .
without the suit , a man ’ s blood would boil and his lungs would explode .
“ smoking levels in england are at their lowest since records began – 19.5 per cent – but we want to reduce the numbers of people smoking even more and believe this important step will help. ” uk e-cigarette companies , who were happy with the parliament ’ s vote , said they were already in talks with the advertising standards authority .
“ every village is digging a pit for garbage .
as a result of selene becoming one with artemis , later writers sometimes said selene was a daughter of zeus , like artemis , or of pallas the titan .
“ doñana already faces a lot of threats but now they want to bring back the cause of the disaster 16 years ago .
conservation experts believe that tiger numbers have increased because the police are controlling national parks better , and because there is now better management of tiger habitats in nepal , where forests cover 29 % of the land .
he was the sixth person to die from a shark attack in two years .
they are especially fitter , stronger and more powerful than children with birthdays in april or june .
smokers are the key group for e-cigarette companies because seven out of ten vapers are smokers .
she is well-known for her playing of the works of mozart , beethoven , schubert , chopin , debussy and schoenberg .
the scans showed that some parts of the children ’ s brains behaved more normally after oxytocin : they were more active when the person was looking at faces and less active when the person was looking at the cars .
“ he ’ s not afraid of anybody or anything .
to test the animals ’ ability to share brain information , they put the rats in two separate compartments .
these gaps could decide who became a top-level athlete because “ selection into elite sports may often depend on very small differences in a person ’ s physical performance ” .
the slip was released in three formats for free .
nature has taken control and owls have moved in .
stephan keszler , the dealer at a 2011 auction in new york that also planned to sell banky ’ s paintings , believes selling banksy ’ s works without his permission is fair .
if we want to save jobs and industries , we should support them .
“ we have heard the voice of scotland and , now , we must hear the millions of voices of england , ” he said .
it was invented by a group of scientists at the university of zurich .
the station also provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of the other grand slam tournaments .
for the past ten years , the us national park service has recorded sound levels at more than 600 parks in the us , including yosemite in california , yellowstone and denali in alaska .
prostitution – the easiest way to pay for drugs – has also increased .
ingabire ’ s father , two siblings and many cousins were killed in the genocide .
but margaret allen ’ s class has one .
these reflections are due to a silver stripe that runs along the length of the fish from the base of the caudal fin .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
they want to make maps of the whole world , but they have mostly stayed away from the arctic .
one big problem is keeping radio contact with a drone and planning for what happens if that contact breaks .
“ we knew the books would be beautiful but we didn ’ t realize they would be such a big success. ” and calm ” .
in reality angle said that he would be heaving neck surgery in may and would not be fighting until august .
we usually forget the many solutions .
mark schatz has played bass with nickel creek since 2003 .
“ tokyo is very rich in fashion and culture , but it ’ s still an island .
on the afternoon of september 30 , laura had gotten enough tropical characteristics to be designated as a " tropical storm " .
it is entertaining and aimed at people who are likely to buy the company ’ s products .
sudan doesn ’ t know how precious he is .
“ women choose a glass of wine because they don ’ t know about beer .
2002 and 2003 seasons warner began the season 0 3 as a starter , throwing seven interceptions with only one touchdown .
he was a king , but just one of the dead .
poor people can use the gas for cooking and lighting .
but , that was not all .
it was difficult before but , with lots of unemployment , it ’ s even more difficult now. ” but his project , which has more than 1,000 clients , is bringing results .
the next day ( 2013 ) was his first album of new songs in ten years .
the first settlement was made in the area of what is now louisville , kentucky by 13 families under col. george rogers clark .
it is particularly powerful when you use it together with information from google , yelp and facebook .
another club also became smoke-free because performers asked for smoke-free nights .
postal systems often do things other than sending letters .
but rising sea levels are not the only cause .
“ they come in autumn and winter , when it ’ s darkest .
the carbon footprint of food produced and not eaten is 3.3 gigatonnes of co2 .
abdullah says : “ nobody wants tourists to come here and cover their faces .
“ when you arrest the leader , people in the gang start fighting .
iupac said that a russian-american team of scientists at the joint institute for nuclear research in dubna and lawrence livermore national laboratory in california had discovered elements 115 , 117 and 118 .
after the death of his father wossen seged , sahle selassie arrives at the capital qundi before his other brothers , and is made meridazmach of shewa .
one part of the brain , for example , is used for the word “ top ” and also for other words that describe clothes .
these events happened on 17 june to 19 june 1944 and were called " the jubilee celebrations of ioc " by carl diem , the man who began the modern tradition of the olympic torch relay .
“ 70 % of all water is used in farming , and growing more food to feed an extra two billion people by 2050 will put more pressure on water and land. ” the report was released at the start of the annual world water conference in stockholm , sweden , where 2,500 politicians , un groups , non-governmental groups and researchers from 120 countries met to discuss global water supply problems .
drones , he said , are much less safe .
the rpg-26 aglen anti-tank rocket launcher that was made by the soviet union .
there are more suicides and hiv infections , and drug addicts ( around 25,000 people ) have become more and more self- destructive .
“ everyone said that they were really active , always travelling or with a long list of hobbies , but they didn ’ t talk about children , ” limal said .
the imf ’ s managing director , christine lagarde , asked for more stability .
each change to the gfdl has a new version number .
at least , it doesn ’ t if you ’ re doing it on land .
“ it ’ s a big mess , ” said tracey brown , director of sense about science .
this is a list of german presidents since 1919 by age at death .
the opposite of a tributary is a distributary , a river that branches off from the main flow of water .
at the start , miesen and dundas owned the shop in partnership with its employees and had shares in the business , which is a cooperative .
“ ideas are a dime a dozen .
the company is known for the anno series -lrb- also by max design -rrb- , knights of honor -lrb- by black sea studios -rrb- and paraworld -lrb- by sek -rrb- .
kattegat is connected to the baltic sea through the danish straits and belts .
“ the government doesn ’ t pay much attention to the islands of the north aegean , ” she said , “ so i would take all the kids from our school to the gates of parliament , to tell them : ‘ there is still life in these islands ’ . ”
to succeed as a race engineer , you need … to be able to work under pressure .
thirty-nine per cent of all music sales are now digital .
it only appeared in the top ten of the interbrand annual study in 2011 .
the old town has detached houses with gardens .
gothic architecture is best known as the style of many of the great cathedrals , abbeys and churches of europe .
the view from the visitors ’ centre in the doñana national park in southern spain is a bird- watcher ’ s dream : 200,000 hectares of wetlands vital for the birds of western europe .
the double standard view is the view the roman catholic church believes .
a big amount of research has been put into designs that avoid these delays as much as possible .
the poster became a symbol of women ’ s power at work .
people are really proud of them – they are so intricate , ” she said .
so far , there is no effective treatment for the social problems that autism causes .
after being posted to the 1st battalion at first , in march , 1916 he was moved to the 53rd battalion , which was part of the 5th division , when the australian imperial force was helped by new soldiers from australia .
all around the subway , there were bacteria from cheeses – brie , cheddar , parmesan and the mozzarella found on new york pizza .
“ we certainly hope that the efforts we put into rehabilitation and into stopping criminals from reoffending has made a difference , ” he said .
however , admirals have always needed a special place ; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet , and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders .
at the same time , the percentage of people downloading fell from 28 % to 27 % .
people were behaving like animals – it was horrible , ” she said .
“ this research is amazing and new , there is still a lot to learn about how the meaning of words is represented in the brain . ”
the ' west african senior school certificate examination -lrb- wassce -rrb- is a type of exam in west africa .
reid said : “ i look at the challenges that we have ahead of us and i reach out to my republican colleagues in the senate and the house .
in the top right is the symbol of the lords of sonneberg , which includes a sheep scissor .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled first by the turkish and the afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
he could not use his british-made bicycle or even a french car because he discovered that the only affordable peugeot , renault and citroën cars are not made in france .
jim walker did the same for the english version .
imagine a guitar string vibrating differently to make different notes- the strings vibrate differently to make different particles : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
david w. dunham , the minor planet bulletin , volume 6 , p.13-14 -lrb- december 1978 -rrb- ads archive copy however , careful studying in 1993 , using the hubble space telescope , could not locate a moon .
“ the first night after i was arrested was the biggest shock of my life , ” he says .
world temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 ° c -lrb- 2.0 and 11.5 ° f -rrb- during the 21st century -lrb- table 3 -rrb- and : sea levels may rise by 18 to 59 cm -lrb- 7.08 to 23.22 in -rrb- -lsb- table 3 -rsb- .
criminals would instead use smaller banknotes , or gold or diamonds , but these are big so criminals can not carry them easily ” , he said .
deep in its east –west valley , with high mountains all around , rjukan and the 3,400 people who live there are in shadow for half the year .
it ’ s a more simple version of google glass .
ned and dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender .
the twelve-wired bird of paradise -lrb- seleucidis melanoleucus -rrb- is a medium-sized bird of paradise about 33cm-long with velvet black and yellow color .
it moved west , and the next day it became into a subtropical depression .
at one time , allen ’ s class had more than 18 regulars , each paying £1 a time .
they are also very intelligent and able to use tools .
“ bring your mother , sister , girlfriend , aunt and grandmother so we all can learn more about beer. ” we can do it was felicia nordström ’ s idea .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and lots were printed .
today ’ s children communicate most by sending written messages or through sharing photographs and videos .
“ we usually think that 'landscape ' is everything up to the horizon , ” wise said .
more than 54 % of people under 25 are out of work .
these days , most concerts are now lit up with phones and tablets , but bush does not want her fans to watch her shows through a screen .
“ for really important jobs – like landing aeroplanes or flying aeroplanes – gps is still not good enough , ” he said .
today , floyd landis 's father is a supporter of his son and says he is one of floyd 's biggest fans .
now , for the first time , scientists have started to study the bacteria in a city ’ s subway – and they have found many interesting results .
it is the fourth and last book in his hyperion cantos series .
“ i didn ’ t have a job before : i just stayed at home .
it was easy to build the prototype of telepathy one , iguchi says .
the new government in 1816 made the districts steinfurt and tecklenburg .
works and influence rore is best known for his italian madrigals , but he also wrote a lot of church music , including masses and motets .
this small section of forest will be carefully managed for the next 98 years before it becomes future library ’ s manuscripts .
the bill also allows the nsa to continue to watch foreigners who come to the us if they enter the country for less than 72 hours .
economy the only economic activity of importance is farming .
the school opened on 11 july .
firstly , on mars the astronauts ’ bodies will have to adapt to gravity that is 38 % of gravity on earth .
in march 1887 , his book , noli me tangere was published .
the bridge now traverses the tarn valley above its lowest point , linking the causse du larzac to the causse rouge , and is inside the perimeter of the grands causses regional natural park .
the number of people vaping might change but , at the moment , it looks like it ’ s staying the same. ” experts believe that vaping will probably not become fashionable with young non-smokers .
finally , oxytocin effects only last about 45 minutes , so it might be difficult to use it as a treatment .
to the south lies the " suburb " , that is , the part of the town formerly outside the city wall .
the first published sample of tengwar writing was 1937 in the hobbit , to so-called the lonely mountain jar inscription .
geoff douville says that he ’ s used to noise complaints .
the change has been dramatic in latin america , for example , where countries like brazil and paraguay had life expectancy of below 30 in 1970 and almost 64 in 2010 .
why do they work so hard to get the chance to make decisions on television in front of millions of people who criticize them and their ability with the help of many cameras and slow-motion replays ?
shadow of the hegemon -lrb- 2001 -rrb- is the second book in the ender 's shadow series -lrb- also called the bean quartet -rrb- by orson scott card .
martin andersen is a 40-year-old artist who moved to rjukan in the summer of 2001 .
glastonbury now can ’ t find any more big bands .
he said that , when you do yoga , you bring together mind and body , thought and action , and create harmony between man and nature .
part of due south , " dr. long ball " , was made at arnold anderson stadium in a park in brantford .
that made a difference to me. ” being back on earth with everyone still felt strange , he said .
the mayor contacted the ministry of foreign affairs in majuro , the marshall islands capital .
her lawyer , vincent toledano , told le figaro that delacourt ’ s novel illegally used ms johansson ’ s name .
he didn ’ t know that the labradoodle would become so popular .
it was not seen again until the hubble space telescope observed it in 1997 .
schneier made blowfish as a general-purpose algorithm , to be used as a replacement for the old des algorithm and to remove the problems and difficulties of other encryption algorithms .
if there are no strong rules that control the use of land , buildings are built along a bypass , making it an ordinary town road so that it might become just as busy as a town street again .
then , the scientists scanned their brains while they looked at images of cars or the eyes of people expressing different emotions .
in 1934 charles-marie widor retired as organist at st. sulpice in paris , and dupré took over the job , which he kept until his death in 1971 .
on the january 16 episode of smackdown , it was announced that swagger would defend the ecw title against hardy in a match at the royal rumble .
the number has doubled in 15 years .
allergies are increasing in developed countries .
in the year 2001 , the american film director steven spielberg filmed a.i. : artificial intelligence .
think of that next time you put it into your tea. ” he said that the basic idea behind nordic food lab is that you can eat everything .
it is harder to hear that click if there ’ s a lot of noise around you. ” the researchers used underwater microphones to measure the noise made by about 1,600 ships as they passed through haro strait , in washington state , usa .
the temperature is about minus 230c .
“ we need to make sure that people who come out of poverty remain above the poverty line permanently .
this is a list of the 339 communes of the ardèche département in france .
last names aaron schock , member of the u.s. house of representatives representing the 18th district of illinois .
“ as you can see , everything here is fine but we have to hit the terrorists , these extremists , ” an army officer said .
maria laughs when asked if she has enough money .
it may also help planning decisions in iqaluit happen more quickly .
maria van der hoeven , executive director of the iea , said that the amount of coal we use “ continues to grow each year and , if no changes are made , coal will catch oil within ten years. ” coal is available in large amounts and it can be found in most regions of the world , unlike oil and gas , and it is cheap to extract .
that rise would ruin crops and make life in many cities too hot .
because it was a weak storm and never moved onto land , cristobal 's damages were mostly moderate rainfall .
other than food , blankets and water , volunteers gave toys to children , massages , and a live rock and roll band showe .
axani also wants to turn his story into a television show or film , he said .
in rural areas , they eat 20kg .
the road to the beach is filled with camper vans from germany , france , italy and britain .
economy most of the people who live in marske do not work in the village , but work in the nearby factory or in middlesbrough or redcar .
over the next few weeks , we will decide how to spend the money in the best way . ”
but companies sell fewer luxury cars because of india ’ s terrible transport system .
among those also charged on thursday were rafael salguero , a guatemalan who left the executive committee in may ; the former south american confederation secretary general eduardo deluca ; former peruvian football federation president manuel burga ; and bolivia ’ s football president , carlos chaves , already jailed in his own country .
below are some pages to help you get started .
once they knew the owner of a particular phone number had a partner , it was easy to find out who the partner was , they said .
so you see my colleagues and i need customer tips to increase our low wages .
some said the protests did not feel brazilian but they were liberating .
should people in their 50s and above come in at 8am , people in their 30s start at 10am and the teenage apprentice at 11am ?
the us city in top position is san francisco , in 28th position ; boston is 34th .
after a maximum of six months in these houses , in different parts of the city , the families will get permanent homes .
the retail company sports direct employs around 20,000 of its 23,000 staff on zero-hours contracts .
“ we tried to get funding , but it ’ s slow and difficult and nobody wants to take a risk , ” he said .
51 phantom and electric blue watermelon have also received nominations in that same category .
in july 2012 , a bomb killed four of assad ’ s senior aides .
then , experts will try to decipher the rest of the text .
in the mid-1960s , goodfellow ’ s managers asked him to think of a way to allow customers to withdraw cash from banks on saturdays .
inky was brought to the national aquarium several years ago by a local fisherman who found him in a fishing pot .
about 780 more children are preparing to start school in 2017 .
it has a black bill , crimson eyes , and a call that sounds like a dog 's bark .
but shopping centres are different from websites – you walk from one shop to another without a computer asking you if it ’ s ok to collect information about you .
the wolf , the brown bear , the lynx and the wolverine are europe ’ s last large predator carnivores .
but , this was very different – i wrote till the final minute .
“ i ’ m always given a specific task , such as buying something from a specific department or a new product range , but i can often buy whatever i want – and keep it. ” like most full-time mystery shoppers , laura is self-employed .
e-cigarettes do not contain tobacco and produce vapour , not smoke .
they plan to become the world ’ s most environmentally friendly outdoor music event .
nupedia 's articles were written by owned by bomis , inc which was a web portal company .
almost 60 years since ray kroc opened his first restaurant in des plaines , illinois , consumers are losing their appetite for a big mac and fries .
in 2010 , a mental health foundation survey found that loneliness was a bigger worry for young people than for the elderly .
he keeps his blackberry for messaging , he uses an iphone to play games , and he makes phone calls on an android phone .
but renting a one-bedroom flat would cost more than £420 a month not including bills , which would use a lot of her earnings .
a hundred years ago , life expectancy in the uk was about 47 years for a man and 50 years for a woman .
but , the uk government is now saying it was goodfellow who invented the atm .
a bastion on the eastern side was built later .
its episodes were shown on the abc network from its beginning on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the company , mars one , plans to send four astronauts to the red planet to build a human colony in 2023 .
it was the longest mission ever .
most of the demonstrations were peaceful , but several police were hurt , at least one car was burned and windows were broken .
only a few species of wild land seals are found in the faroe islands today , the grey seals .
other websites discovery of companions to asteroids 762 pulcova and 90 antiope swri press release .
tua ’ s journey began at the cook islands on 25 september .
pollutants from diesel engines such as nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide are responsible for at least one quarter of those deaths .
it is used mostly for football games and is the home of santos football club .
people for the ethical treatment of animals ( peta ) is an organization that is against seaworld .
it also says that a large percentage of murders of women – 38 % – are done by their partners .
but many of the other injuries were after death , which suggests that the king ’ s naked body was mutilated as it was brought back to leicester .
eva anna paula braun -lrb- february 6 , 1912 – april 30 , 1945 -lrb- aged 33 -rrb- -rrb- was the longtime girlfriend -lrb- and wife for a night and a day -rrb- of adolf hitler .
an even larger terminal to be built nearby is also being planned .
the us senate intelligence committee recently agreed a bill to allow the national security agency ( nsa ) to continue to collect us phone records .
this is a bit different from spotify – artists from radiohead ’ s thom yorke to taylor swift have criticized spotify .
we really want to improve the fitness of our pupils. ” his school is now building a running track .
but his death will also be felt by people around the world who thought mandela was one of history ’ s last great political leaders , similar to gandhi and martin luther king .
during the 1980s and 1990s , the university used many resources to help rebuild its large hospital area and improve the academic buildings on the north campus .
but apple is different – it started 2015 by becoming the most profitable company in business history .
“ he also included two stamps from that time that were also in the bottle , so the finder would not have to pay for postage , ” erdmann said .
there are already couples who met through the site and are now together .
these used to be sci-fi questions but we can now research them in the lab . ”
she happily remembers a doctor who saw her for the first time a few years ago , who said he didn ’ t believe she was more than 78 : “ i said , 'thank you , doctor .
“ governments have been quite good at moving people over the poverty line because that is quite easy .
part of the problem is unpaid taxes .
probably in the 800s , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of reichenau .
what about false memories for more than just places – false memories for objects , food or other mice ?
this suggests that their brains organized the meanings of words in the same way .
it works like a normal dating site but everyone is asked to be honest about their wish to start a family soon .
she plays a lively scottish song and there is lots of toe pointing and leg kicking .
prices for food items such as corn and wheat have increased nearly 50 % on international markets since june .
these children , who were born in the new millennium , are learning how to use smartphones and tablets before they can talk .
after making a list of names from fans and conducting an online poll , the feature was named ecw x-stream on october 31 2007 .
researchers say this is an important step towards creating the world ’ s first “ organic computer ” .
when you enter a department store , cameras are watching you .
he set many pitching records during his 22-year career in major league baseball -lrb- mlb -rrb- , some of which have stood for 100 years .
“ the trouble is that spain does not have the public resources it had 16 years ago .
the business idea is to produce a cheap light that gets free power from gravity and could end the use of dangerous kerosene lamps in africa and india .
it was very powerful and painful , and the speed was amazing .
the senior editor of the atlantic magazine , james hamblin , recently did an experiment .
” karabo ngidi , a lawyer with the centre , said : “ we must do what is best for the children .
most people agree that shepherd-barron ’ s atm was the “ world ’ s first ” to be installed and used by the public .
“ it ate a red deer , ” says myslajek .
carpets , rugs , velvet , velour , and velveteen , are made by weaving a a second yarn through woven cloth , making a nap or pile .
large grinding mills were usually powered by working animals , wind -lrb- windmill -rrb- or water -lrb- watermill -rrb- in the past .
law of independent assortment the law of independent assortment , also known as " inheritance law " or mendel 's second law , states that the inheritance pattern of one trait will not affect the inheritance pattern of another .
she also manages a live-music bar .
bush wrote on her website : “ i have a request for all of you who are coming to the shows .
meteora got the band a lot of awards and honors .
by september 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile -lrb- 1115 km -rrb- was seen on satellite imagery , well to the southeast of the cape verde islands , and several hurricane forecast models expected development and strengthening .
smokers are the key group for e-cigarette companies because seven out of ten vapers are smokers .
“ now , it seems we have forgotten that lesson .
before the economic crisis in greece , the people of this peaceful island in the northern aegean lived quite well .
children born in october were almost as fit – they scored highest for strength and came third for power , with december children close behind .
the office for national statistics says that britain is the loneliest place in europe .
before , people were paid and got travel expenses , but now “ you often just receive some money towards a purchase , ” say val , a 51-year-old former mystery shopper .
unusually , the publishers of winning works are given a certificate .
the researchers say their latest work could make it possible to connect many brains to share information .
most of the time the term is used for higher plants , but bacteria , fungi , lichens , mosses and ferns that are epiphytes exist as well .
many people also believe that mcdonald ’ s is less healthy than most of its rivals , especially chipotle .
he looks really happy after he blows the final whistle of a 2–1 win for grimsby against woking , a match at level 5 of the english league system .
the job : companies pay a social engineer to try to trick their employees and make them give the engineer secret information .
then , bicycles come and collect the waste .
5 supertrees singapore ’ s gardens by the bay has a group of man-made trees .
but all the equipment he needed was less enjoyable .
naming and records after all of the twenty one assigned hurricane names for the 2005 season were used up after hurricane wilma , the greek alphabet was used , starting with tropical storm alpha .
the device has two main parts .
“ it is great to see more of these animals in europe .
different spellings in english include felafel and filafil .
galileo took pictures of almost all of the surface of metis and put constraints on its composition .
however , all of the storms that have impacted arizona have formed in the latter parts of the pacific hurricane season , and no storm has affected the state before august .
in the uk , thatcher ’ s main economic policy was the denationalization of state-owned industry – the new word “ privatization ” became used in many countries .
he is the principal clarinetist for the metropolitan opera .
it won easily in areas where people expected it to do well , including edinburgh , aberdeenshire and borders .
a year later , he was made the minister of commerce and industry .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance the growth of industry and trade .
also , children should learn to find their way using more traditional methods .
there is a size minimum of seven inches measured across the shell and a limit of three per day and 24 per year that can be taken .
when you ’ re under cold water , the heart rate slows down in most people .
that ’ s the programme : it is hard – but it works .
the electromagnetic -lrb- em -rrb- spectrum is the range of all possible electromagnetic radiation .
packagekit was made by richard hughes .
his granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and his grandson , pierre joliot , who was named after him , is a noted biochemist .
the british decided to strike him and take the land by force .
sands said it was time to get rid of high-value notes that make life easier for “ bad guys ” .
the seljuks were one of the cultural ancestors of the western turks , the present-day inhabitants of azerbaijan , turkey , and turkmenistan .
there are beautiful pictures of european woolly rhinos in caves in france that were painted up to 30,000 years ago .
ornithologist richard zann died in the kinglake fire , with his wife eileen and daughter eva .
they do nothing for us , ” said oscar josé santos , 19 years old .
how did sleep suddenly become so fashionable ?
when no one showed any interest , cave took on the job by himself .
success within 10 years of starting , a & m became the world 's largest independent record company .
this way , he got a lot of money .
this was part of the us operation that led to a crisis at fifa and caused sepp blatter to lose his job and reputation .
together , they have created 3,780 more millionaires among their children , family and friends , according to the writers of the study , oxford economics .
more than a million tourists take a tour of historic buildings each year and they spend more than £1 billion .
there were fights between european and chinese miners at daylesford and castlemaine .
burma , bangladesh and india can expect stronger cyclones ; elsewhere in southern asia , there will probably be heavier summer rainfalls .
she said many of the students at a nearby college came to the hospital .
the ice-cream shop is in a documentary by film-makers rob and lisa fruchtman .
other users may edit pages in your user space , although by convention your user page will usually not be edited by others .
but the one that has caused most discussion is its application for “ .amazon ” .
lloyds bank says the bishops avenue is the second most expensive street in britain .
we will smell and look better – skin experts say that using less soap can improve skin problems .
“ other studies did not find evidence that organic foods are much more nutritious than regular foods , ” it found .
at about half the size of taiwan , it has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres -lrb- 7,172 sq mi -rrb- .
in shakespeare ’ s play , he cries : “ a horse !
coconuts in different parts of the world do not taste the same .
he met his wife , dancer michelle mcsween when they both starred in the stage musical oh , what a night in 1999 .
but a british company want to look for oil there .
more background noise can make people oblivious to the uplifting sounds of birdsong , water and trees in the wind .
the bill allows analysts to search through the data if they believe that someone may be involved in international terrorism .
in august 2007 , hager went back to florida championship wrestling , where he began a rivalry with tj wilson .
but it ’ s very easy to forget about who i am when i am in the army .
“ we will take care of them so the whole situation is not going to repeat at the new house they are in , ” says boer .
helena hartlauer , 32 , is from vienna .
for three-and-a-half years , all the pupils at st ninian ’ s primary school have walked or run a mile each day .
someone asked him , “ what do you want to do next ? ” baumgartner said : “ i want to inspire young people .
“ you can carry two children , ” says pizzi .
when above the surface , the device takes in air through a vent in the mouthpiece .
the president of clermont foot 63 , claude michy , gave costa , 36 , a two-year contract .
climate change , falling numbers of animals , rising numbers of humans and extinction mean that more and more scientists now believe that we are in the anthropocene age – the age of extinction .
“ they really want to show or talk about their wealth and buying luxury things is a nice way to do it , ” balaraman said .
duran was arrested in spain in 2009 .
and they must try to solve the problem of biodiversity .
then , sullivan sends the gift to the boyfriend .
people all around the world recognize apple by its simple “ apple with a bite missing ” logo .
the document says that some of the world ’ s largest internet companies have been part of the information-sharing program sinceits introduction in 2007 .
“ if we don ’ t win , it doesn ’ t mean anything , ” said billionaire donald trump in south carolina .
the main town is abingdon , other places are faringdon and wantage .
the english football association chairman , greg dyke , said there was a big difference in atmosphere .
cave himself often sent in items to the magazine under the pen name of sylvanus urban .
“ danes have no problem having children before marriage so things can move fast and , because the country ’ s so small , someone from jutland can date someone from copenhagen without too much travel , ” limal said .
it moved to the northeast next to the u.s. east coast and died out on july 23 near nova scotia .
moses king , 48 , is hiv positive .
the us coastguard rescued them .
it was an independent town from 1978 to 2000 .
some danced , some took photos , some drank , but mostly they just walked and talked about football , waiting for the next game to begin on the big screen nearby .
“ the great thing about the first star wars films was that they created a huge universe of characters and stories , ” he said .
talking about the company ’ s reputation , he said , “ early feedback on our marketing campaign has been positive. ” “ we will continue to fight with the facts because the facts are on our side , ” he said .
angela erdmann never knew her grandfather .
the company ’ s co-founder , sergey brin , said that the vehicle was still just a prototype .
they also have a lower quality of sleep .
james bond films are one of the world ’ s oldest and most successful film series .
even though they look like members of the genus mus , scientists thhink that the african spiny mice may be more closely related to gerbils than to common mice .
he is a scientist and researcher with great intelligence and understanding about mutant genetics .
“ and almost all of those had a first degree or had been educated to degree level , ” he says .
another criticism is that small charities won ’ t know what to do with the extra money but the mnd association rejects this .
between two paw prints on a mountain path , the scientist finds what he is looking for .
before that , they will release episode vii in december 2015 , directed by jj abrams and called star wars : the force awakens .
when we talk about climate change , we usually just talk about the problem .
“ to do this properly , we might need to think about things like copyright .
“ it ’ s much more complex , ” says benedict evans , a digital media specialist .
in 1438 trevi became part of the lands belonging to the church as part of the " legation " of perugia : after that trevi 's history was as part of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- of the united kingdom of italy .
wilbur makes up to charlotte by bringing home with him the sac of eggs she had laid at the fair before dying .
dubai kept its importance as a trade route through the 1970s and 1980s .
notes references blackman , sushila -lrb- compiled and edited -rrb- -lrb- 1997 -rrb- .
the uk environment secretary , elizabeth truss , said : “ food is the heart of our society .
the same region responds to “ killed ” and “ murdered ” .
the northern part of upper egypt , between el-aiyat and asyut is sometimes called middle egypt .
turner painted more than 550 oil paintings and 2,000 watercolours in his lifetime .
it is known in italy for a maximum-security prison , where especially dangerous mafia criminals are held .
she has also been a judge on the talent shows the x factor and america 's got talent .
there have been deaths where people have gone to a restaurant , told the waiter or waitress that they have an allergy to a food and the meal has been given to them containing that food. ” the guide says most allergy tests bought on the internet or in shops do not work .
the time of big music festivals is really ending . ”
mckinlay believes there have to be big improvements in navigation technologies before we can have futuristic things like driverless cars and smart cities .
most of his anger comes up in his endless battles with vyvyan , which he always loses .
pipelining in theory increases performance over an un-pipelined core by a factor of the number of stages -lrb- assuming the clock frequency also increases by the same factor -rrb- and the code is ideal for pipeline execution .
but king and his family of six children can not get the right food to eat .
islands that are popular with tourists , such as mykonos , fear that losing the tax break will make things very hard for them .
jules captured footage of the first plane flying into the north tower of the world trade center .
he said : “ todd was so happy that i was alive. ” earlier , todd said : “ the world needs a hero right now , and they have got one in felix baumgartner. ” this will be the last jump , baumgartner said .
nearly 80 % of young smartphone owners regularly use a social networking application but two-thirds use more than one .
“ we believe zero-hours contracts are essential in our organization , because we are very weather-dependent , ” the national trust said .
it is found mainly in papua new guinea between 2000 and 3000 meters above sea level .
“ americans are making it clear , that they never – repeat , never – agreed to give up their freedom so that the country could appear to be safer , ” wyden said .
2 .
and they were even recognized in the street in hong kong .
breaking dawn is the fourth and last novel in the twilight series by stephenie meyer .
in her teens , she made a name for herself in rio de janeiro ’ s baile funk scene as a dancer and singer .
1263 - the chieftains of the eastern part of iceland become the last to people to say that they that is was their duty to be loyal to the norwegian king .
in an article for magazine index on censorship , pullman , who is president of the society of authors , strongly defends copyright laws .
there were no longer any more original bond stories to adapt and the films no longer had enough energy .
it began on july 19 as a weather system away from the southeast u.s. coast .
i forgave her .
but , in the poorest parts of the eu , unemployment continues to rise .
i would look such a fool if they opened my book in 2114 and it wasn ’ t any good. ” mitchell says that he usually “ polishes and polishes ” his writing .
“ in the developing world , there is almost no food waste , ” says robert van otterdijk , coordinator of the un food and agriculture organization ’ s save food programme .
the method , called 'virtopsy ' , is being used at some forensic medical institutes in europe .
“ british citizens have been killed more recently in other countries .
the elements were discovered there .
the charity oxfam said that world hunger would get worse because climate changes hurt crop production .
we want to defend them. ” according to boer , the villages are not for “ a problem neighbour who has the stereo too loud on saturday night ” but “ people who are very violent and in a clear situation where a victim is harassed again and again ” .
department store john lewis ’ s christmas ad , which , for many people , shows that the christmas shopping season has begun , aims to raise hundreds of thousands of pounds for the charity age uk .
five minutes !
“ the power of education frightens them .
redwall is a series of books written by brian jacques .
music subscription services , like spotify and deezer , have made more than $ 1bn worldwide , as fans choose to pay for music online .
the most recent major analysis , which included 223 studies in 2012 , found little evidence of health benefits .
it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard , et al .
